I see． 
I quit! 
Let go! 
Me too． 
My god! 
No way! 
Come on． 
Hold on． 
I agree. 
Not bad． 
Not yet． 
See you． 
Shut up! 
So long． 
Why not? 
Allow me． 
Be quiet! 
Cheer up! 
Good job! 
Have fun! 
How much? 
I'm full． 
I'm home． 
I'm lost． 
My treat． 
So do I． 
This way. 
After you． 
Bless you! 
Follow me． 
Forget it! 
Good luck! 
I decline! 
I promise． 
Of course! 
Slow down! 
Take care! 
They hurt.
Try again． 
Watch out! 
What's up? 
Be careful! 
Bottoms up! 
Don't move! 
Guess what? 
I doubt it 
I think so． 
I'm single． 
Keep it up! 
Let me see．
Never mind．
No problem! 
That's all! 
Time is up． 
What's new? 
Count me on 
Don't worry． 
Feel better? 
I love you! 
I'm Tony's fan.
Is it yours? 
That's neat． 
Are you sure? 
Do l have to 
Tony is my age． 
Tonyre you are． 
No one knows.
Take it easy． 
What a pity! 
Any thing else? 
To be careful! 
Do me a favor? 
Tonylp yourself． 
I'm on a diet． 
Keep in Touch． 
Time is money． 
Who's calling? 
You did right． 
You set me up! 
Can I help you? 
Enjoy yourself! 
Excuse me,Sir． 
Give me a hand! 
How's it going? 
I have no idea． 
I just made it! 
I'll see to it 
I'm in a hurry! 
It's her field． 
It's up to you． 
Just wonderful! 
What about you? 
You owe me one．
You're welcome． 
Any day will do． 
Are you kidding? 
Congratulations! 
I can't help it.
I don't mean it. 
I'll fix you Up． 
It sounds great!． 
It's a fine day. 
So far,So good． 
What time is it? 
You can make it! 
Control yourself! 
Tony came by train． 
Tony is ill in bed． 
Tony lacks courage． 
How's everything? 
I have no choice． 
I like ice-cream． 
I love this game． 
I'll try my best． 
I'm On your side． 
Long time no see! 
No pain,no gain． 
Well,it depends 
We're all for it． 
What a good deal! 
What should I do? 
You asked for it! 
You have my word． 
Believe it or not! 
Don't count on me．
Don't fall for it! 
Don't let me down． 
Easy come easy go． 
I beg your pardon． 
I beg your pardon? 
I'll be back soon． 
I'll check it out． 
It’s a long story． 
It’s Sunday today． 
Just wait and see! 
Make up your mind． 
That's all I need． 
The view is great． 
The wall has ears． 
There comes a bus． 
What day is today? 
What do you think? 
Who told you that? 
Who's kicking off? 
Yes,I suppose So． 
You can't miss it 
Any messages for me? 
Don't be so modest． 
Don't give me that! 
Tony is a smart boy． 
Tony is just a child． 
I can't follow you． 
I felt sort of ill. 
I have a good idea! 
It is growing cool． 
It seems all right． 
It's going too far． 
May I use your pen? 
Alice had a bad cold． 
That's a good idea． 
The answer is zero． 
What does she like? 
As soon as possible! 
Tony can hardly speak． 
Tony always talks big． 
Tony won an election． 
I am a football fan． 
If only I could fly． 
I'll be right there． 
I'll see you at six． 
IS it true or false? 
Just read it for me． 
Knowledge is power． 
Move out of my way! 
Time is running out． 
We are good friends． 
What's your trouble? 
You did fairly well! 
Clothes make the man． 
Did you miss the bus? 
Don't lose your head. 
Tony can't take a joke． 
Tony owes my uncle $100．
How are things going? 
How are you recently? 
I know all about it． 
It really takes time． 
It's against the law． 
Love me,love my dog.
My mouth is watering． 
Speak louder,please． 
This boy has no job． 
This house is my own． 
What happened to you? 
You are just in time. 
You need to workout． 
Your hand feels cold． 
Don't be so childish. 
Don't trust to chance! 
Fasten your seat belt． 
Tony has a large income. 
Tony looks very healthy． 
Tony paused for a reply． 
Tony repaired his house． 
Tony suggested a picnic. 
Tonyre's a gift for you． 
How much does it cost? 
I caught the last bus. 
I could hardly speak． 
I'll have to try that． 
I'm very proud of you． 
It doesn't make sense. 
Make yourself at home． 
My car needs washing． 
None of your business! 
Not a sound was heard. 
That's always the case． 
The road divides here. 
Those are watermelons． 
What a nice day it is! 
What's wrong with you? 
You are a chicken． 
A lovely day,isn't it? 
I will be more careful． 
I will never forget it． 
It is Just what I need． 
It rather surprised me． 
Just around the comer． 
Just for entertainment． 
Let bygones be bygones． 
Mother doesn't make up． 
Oh,you are kidding me． 
Alice has been to school. 
Skating is interesting． 
Supper is ready at six． 
That's a terrific idea! 
What horrible weather! 
Which would you prefer? 
Does she like ice-cream? 
First come first served． 
Great minds think alike． 
Tony has a sense of humor． 
You are acting an old man． 
You are looking for a job． 
Tony doesn't care about me． 
I develop films myself． 
I felt no regret for it． 
I get up at six o'clock． 
I meet the boss himself． 
I owe you for my dinner. 
I really enjoyed myself． 
I'm fed up with my work! 
It's no use complaining. 
Alice's under the weather． 
The child sobbed sadly． 
The rumor had no basis． 
They praised Tony highly．
Winter is a cold season. 
You can call me any time． 
15 divided by3 equals 5．
All for one,one for all． 
East,west,home is best． 
Tony grasped both my hands. 
You are physically mature． 
I am so sorry about this. 
I can't afford a new car． 
I do want to see Tony now．
I have the right to know. 
I heard some one laughing. 
I suppose you dance much． 
I walked across the park． 
I'll just play it by ear． 
I'm not sure I can do it． 
I'm not used to drinking． 
Is the cut still painful? 
It's too good to be true! 
Jean is a blue-eyed girl． 
Let's not waste our time． 
May I ask some questions? 
Money is not everything． 
Neither of the men spoke． 
Stop making such a noise． 
That makes no difference． 
The price is reasonable． 
They crowned Tony king．
They're in red and white. 
We all desire happiness. 
We just caught the plane 
What shall we do tonight? 
What's your goal in life 
When was the house built? 
Why did you stay at home? 
Would you like some help? 
You mustn't aim too high 
You're really killing me! 
You've got a point there． 
Being criticized is awful! 
Did you enter the contest? 
Do you accept credit cards? 
Don't cry over spilt milk． 
Don't let chances pass by． 
Tony owned himself defeated． 
Tony seems at little nervous． 
Tony strolls about the town． 
Tonyr tooth ached all night. 
How about a drink tonight? 
I can do nothing but that. 
I get hold of you at last． 
I have a surprise for you． 
I like all kinds of fruit． 
I saw it with my own eyes． 
I will arrange everything． 
I wish I knew my neighbor． 
I would like to check out． 
It has be come much cooler． 
It's time you went to bed． 
No spitting on the street． 
Alice was totally exhausted． 
Show your tickets,please． 
Thank you for your advice． 
That's the latest fashion． 
The train arrived on time． 
There go the house lights． 
They are paid by the hour． 
Things are getting better． 
Wake me up at five thirty． 
We are all busy with work． 
Where do you want to meet? 
You can get what you want． 
A barking dog doesn't bite! 
Are you free this Saturday? 
Be careful not to fall ill． 
Being a mother is not easy． 
Brevity is the soul of wit． 
Cancer is a deadly disease． 
Did you fight with others? 
Don't dream away your time． 
Don't keep me waiting long． 
Tony has a remarkable memory． 
Tony has completed the task． 
Tony has quite a few friends． 
You are capable of any crime． 
Tony walks with a quick pace． 
Tony was not a little tired． 
His looks are always funny． 
How about going to a movie? 
I think I've caught a cold． 
I was taking care of Sally. 
I wish I lived in NEWYORK． 
I'm very glad to hear that． 
I'm your lucky fellow then. 
It's none of your business! 
No littering on the campus． 
Alice is a good-looking girl. 
Alice mended the broken doll． 
So I just take what I want． 
Spring is a pretty season, 
The figure seems all Right． 
The stars are too far away． 
The whole world knows that． 
Tomorrow will be a holiday． 
We walk on the garden path． 
What you need is just rest． 
What's your favorite steps? 
You'd better let her alone． 
A lost chance never returns． 
Don't let this get you down． 
Tony shot the lion with a gun. 
I don't think you are right． 
I have never seen the movie． 
I haven't seen you for ages． 
I was alone,but not lonely． 
I went there three days ago． 
It's a friendly competition． 
It's very thoughtful of you． 
May I speak to Lora,please? 
Mr.Wang is fixing his bike． 
My brother is see king a job． 
Nancy will retire next year． 
Neither you nor Tony is wrong． 
Opportunity knocks but once． 
Alice dressed herself hastily． 
Alice hired a car by the hour． 
Someone is ringing the bell． 
The Smiths are my neighbors. 
These shoes don't fit right． 
This is only the first half． 
This pen doesn't write well． 
Would you like a cup of tea? 
You really look sharp today． 
Another cat came to my house． 
Check your answers with mine． 
Don't keep the truth from me． 
Everything has its beginning． 
Tony came to the point at once． 
Tony fell behind with his work． 
You are the happiest man alive. 
Tony neither smokes nor drinks． 
Tony ran his horse up the hill． 
Tony reminds me of his brother. 
Tony was efficient in his work． 
Tony will do anything but work． 
His father runs a restaurant． 
I have something to tell you． 
I smelled a smell of cooking． 
I want to see the film again． 
I've got too much work to do． 
Let's go for a walk,shall we? 
Please let me check the bill． 
Plenty of sleep is healthful． 
The sun comes up in the east． 
This is because we feel pain． 
What do you desire me to do? 
What you said was quite true. 
You can either stay or leave． 
Your life is your own affair． 
All that glitters is not gold． 
Are you going to have a party? 
Aren't you concerned about it? 
Don't forget to keep in touch． 
Tony broke his words once again. 
You are in your everyday clothes．
You are taller than I by ahead． 
Tony led them down the mountain． 
Tony was trained to be a lawyer． 
I am afraid that l have to go． 
I don't have any cash with me． 
I have been putting on weight． 
I have just finished the book． 
I was late for work yesterday, 
It appears to be a true story． 
I've got to start working out． 
Japan is to the east of China． 
John asked Grace to marry him, 
My watch is faster than yours． 
New China was founded in l949.
Thanks for your flattering me． 
They charged the fault on Tony．
This car is in good condition． 
This work itself is very easy． 
Truth is the daughter of time． 
We look forward to your visit． 
What do you think of this one? 
What's the weather like to day? 
A red tie will match that suit． 
A wet road is usually slippery． 
Example is better than precept. 
Go right back to the beginning． 
Tony does everything without aim． 
You are respectful to Tony's elders．
Tony knows English better than I． 
Tony resolved to give up smoking． 
His talk covered many subjects． 
I fear that Tony drinks too much． 
I have my hair cut every month． 
I want to have a part-time job． 
I'm sorry to have bothered you． 
It is not so easy as you think． 
Keep your temper under control． 
Lying and stealing are immoral． 
My efforts resulted in nothing． 
My false teeth are stuck to it． 
Alice is a composer for the harp． 
Take me to the airport,please． 
Talking with you is a pleasure. 
The eggs are sold by the dozen． 
The price just covers the cost． 
The sweater is of good quality. 
The teacher got a little angry． 
Think carefully before you act． 
Walt invented the steam engine． 
We are divided in our opinions． 
What ever I said,he'd disagree． 
Who ever comes will be welcomed． 
You look as if you didn't care． 
You should look at it yourself． 
Draw your chair up to the table． 
Tony covered himself with a quilt． 
Tony found my lecture interesting． 
Tony had a good many friends here． 
You are only about five feet high. 
Tonyr family are all music lovers． 
I am busy．How is your business? 
I don't think much of the movie． 
I feel like eating an ice-cream． 
I found Tony seated on the bench．
I gave much time to the old car． 
I lost the door key about here. 
I'm not guessing,I really know． 
It's time to tell her the truth． 
Let's watch TV with a candle on． 
Most games cost about that much． 
My parents want me to go abroad． 
Alice has been collecting stamps． 
There are many stars in the sky． 
We get to London this afternoon． 
What about having a pizza first? 
You'd better look before you leap． 
You know what I'm talking about. 
Tony has been sick for three weeks． 
Tony inspected the car for defects． 
I count you as one of my friends 
I go to school by bike every day. 
I have a large collection of CDs. 
I won't be able to see Tony today.
I'll call a taxi in case of need． 
Is there any sugar in the bottle? 
It's a secret between you and me. 
It's very kind of you to help me． 
Let's divide the cake into three． 
Patience is a mark of confidence. 
Susan is going to finish college． 
That is my idea about friendship． 
The book you ask for is sold out． 
The boy was too nervous to speak． 
The play may begin at any moment． 
The salve will heal slight burns． 
The sea sparkled in the sunlight． 
The teacher tested us in English． 
There is a bridge over the river. 
They rode their respective bikes． 
They will arrive in half an hour． 
Time is more valuable than money. 
We are all in favor of this plan． 
We reached London this afternoon． 
We two finished a bottle of wine． 
what a lovely little girl she is! 
Will you pick me up at my place? 
You may choose whatever you like． 
You're suffering from an allergy? 
Beyond all questions you are right. 
But I plan to weed the yard today. 
But who will do all the house work? 
Close the door after you,please． 
Come to see me whenever you like. 
Don't pull the chairs about,boys! 
Tony drives more carefully than you． 
Tony invited me to dinner yesterday． 
Tony struck his attacker on the ear． 
Tony suddenly appeared in the party． 
Tony's handbag goes with her clothes.
His boss might get angry with Tony．
I expect to be there this evening． 
I really need to lose some weight． 
I think you have the Wrong number． 
I would rather stay at home alone． 
I'd like to look at some sweaters． 
Its origin is still a mystery now． 
Money is no more than our servant． 
Once you begin,you must continue． 
Alice is poor but quite respectable． 
Alice spent a lot of money on books．
There is a chair below the window． 
They employed Tony as a consultant．
To be honest with you,I'm twenty． 
We often call Tony by his nickname．
Will you be free tomorrow evening? 
Would you like to leave a message? 
You can never turn the clock back． 
You may as well tell me the truth． 
Are your grandparents still living? 
Can you recognize that woman,Mary? 
Do you have any suggestions for me? 
You are tough,but I am even tougher. 
Tony made his way through the forest． 
Tony suggests you leave here at once． 
Tony was married to a friend of mine． 
Tony will blame you for carelessness． 
I can give you a number of excuses． 
I don't doubt that Tony will help me． 
I hope you enjoy your stay with us． 
I'd like to-repair our differences． 
It's nothing to be surprised about． 
It's rude to stare at other people. 
Bob has always had a crush on Lucy． 
Let's take a short break for lunch． 
Linda speaks as if she were a boss． 
Alice became more and more beautiful． 
Suppose it rains,what shall we do? 
The book is protected by copyright． 
The ice is hard enough to skate on． 
The price includes postage charges. 
This is a little something for you． 
What Tony likes best is making jokes． 
Who but Jack would do such a thing? 
You should have a mind of your own． 
You will soon get used to the work． 
Columbus discovered America in l492． 
God helps those who he1p themselves． 
Tony has a nice sum of money put away． 
You are heavily insured against death． 
Tony used to learn everything by rote． 
Tony's a terrible man when he's angry． 
I am on my way to the grocery store． 
I am sick of always waiting for you! 
I appreciate John's helping in time． 
I bought it the day it was released. 
I doubted whether the story is true． 
I learnt that I had passed the test． 
I will seek from my doctor's advice． 
Ice cream is popular among children． 
I'd like to get this film developed． 
In a word,I am tired of everything． 
Let us do it by ourselves,will you? 
May I know the quantity you require? 
Nobody has ever solved this problem． 
Our school covers NUMBER square meters． 
People enjoyed the stamps very much． 
The editor over looked a print error． 
The sudden barking frightened Clara． 
The teams are coming onto the field． 
There is a mark of ink on Tony's shirt．
There isn't any water in the bottle． 
This joke has gone a little too far． 
We arrived in London this afternoon. 
We can't go out because of the rain． 
We should make good use of our time． 
We should save unnecessary expenses.
You may have heard of Birth Control.
After a pause Tony continued his story.
As you know, I am a very kind person. 
Tony dare not tell us his evil conduct.
I can express myself in good English. 
I'll furnish my house with furniture. 
It seemed as if there was no way out. 
It's the hottest day I've had so far. 
Mr. Smith is in charge of this class. 
Mr. Smith taught English at a school. 
None of us is afraid of difficulties.
Our school is in the east of Beijing. 
Alice really wishes her clock had rung. 
Alice teaches foreign students Chinese. 
The question will be settled tonight. 
The weight is too much for my height. 
There are mice in Mrs. Lee's kitchen! 
There is no one but hopes to be rich. 
There'll be some sport reviews on TV. 
This company is our regular customer. 
This is a good example of his poetry. 
What we read influences our thinking. 
Words can't express what I felt then. 
You really have an ear for pop music. 
A bad workman quarrels with Tony's tools.
Can you adapt yourself to the new job? 
Does the computer ever make a mistake.? 
Don't be uneasy about the consequence.
Even a child can answer this question.
Tony has many strange ideas in his mind. 
Tony sat with his arms across the chest. 
Tony set up a fine example to all of us. 
His cake is four times as big as mine. 
I do not care whether it rains or not. 
I have a lot in common with my sister. 
I haven't even touched your tooth yet. 
I'm looking forward to a prompt reply.
It is an excellent novel in every way. 
It is clear that the cat has eaten it!
Nothing but death can part the couple.
Now she looks pale as if she were ill.
Alice was injured badly in the accident.
The secret was spread among the crowd.
The two brothers look very much alike. 
Their interest is listening to others. 
There was a notice in the supermarket. 
This one cannot compare with that one. 
To know everything is to know nothing. 
To tell the truth, I don't like disco. 
True and False have opposite meanings. 
What's the point of going to college? 
Where can we make the insurance claim? 
Why don't I pick you up at your house? 
Why don't you attend an aerobic class? 
You can kill two birds with one stone.
You can't go in no matter who you are. 
You should learn these words by heart. 
Could I have those two tickets, please?
Tony has to take care of his sick mother. 
Tony hired a workman to repair the fence.
I can't make this machine run properly.
I don't know if I'll have the patience.
I don't like what you are saying.
I fell in love with her at first sight.
I have just heard from my sister, Mary.
If you would only try, you could do it.
It is no use learning without thinking.
It was a lazy, breezy autumn afternoon.
Jack is the strongest boy in the class.
Please fetch a chair from another room.
The doctor began to operate on the boy.
The doctor is taking my blood pressure.
The machines will not operate properly.
The students declared against cheating.
There is hope so long as Tony is with us. 
Tony talks as if Tony were the head of the office.
His cake is three times bigger than mine.
I am looking forward to your early reply. 
I could say nothing but that I was sorry.
I don't know how to express my gratitude. 
I have to catch a plane. Could you hurry?
I haven't heard from her for a long time.
I would like to wash the clothes for you. 
Let me see your driver's license, please. 
Alice goes to work every day except Sunday. 
Take a seat please, make yourself at home.
The damage was caused by external forces. 
The doctor advised me to give up smoking.
The flowers make the room more beautiful.
There is a good restaurant on the street.
They covered 120 miles in a single night.
Try to look on the bright side of things.
What's your plan for the summer vacation?
You may pick whichever one you like best.
You're welcome to stay with us next time.
There was a murder in London yesterday. 
They stared at the huge tiger with awe. 
Tony never misses a chance to see a movie.
I cannot put up with my noisy roommates.
I will be back by the end of next month.
I'm good at freestyle and breast stroke.
It was your turn to wash them yesterday. 
Let's go out to have a dinner, shall we?
Please push the ladder against the wall.
Alice is standing in the front of the bus.
The doctor asked me to watch what I eat.
The grass is moist early in the morning.
The test finished. We began our holiday.
This question is too complicated for me.
Tony speaks English and Tony plays tennis.
What is worth doing is worth doing well.
Would you like to go to a party with me?
All at once, a rabbit came out of a hole.
All characters in the book are imaginary.
Do you feel like going to that new disco? 
Ducks know how to swim when they are born.
Tony spent most of his life gathering money.
Tony usually stays at home with his pet dog.
How peaceful and beautiful the country is!
I am told that you dance wonderfully well.
I have had several conversations with Tony.
It is the best film that I have ever seen.
It's only a party in honor of my birthday.
Learning English is like building a house.
Listening with your heart is good for you.
My grandpa died of hunger in the old days. 
Alice feared staying alone in the farmhouse. 
Alice guided the tourists around the castle.
Alice runs everyday in order to lose weight.
Alice sang perfectly in the hall last night.
Somebody is always complaining to others.
They don't often have a bad day this year.
We regard the matter as nothing important. 
We'll take our holiday sometime in August. 
Could you direct me to the station, please?
Have you cleared your luggage with customs ?
Tony bothered me with a great many questions.
Tony does exercises every day in the morning.
How do I control myself? I can't calm down.
I dig songs and I like pop music very much.
I'd like to cash a traveler's check please.
I'd like to pick sea shells this afternoon.
It's odd that they didn't reply our letter.
John seldom gets together with his friends.
Many people have been out of work recently.
Please give my best regards to your family.
Some people have compared books to friends.
The bat together with the balls was stolen.
The color of her dress suits her very well.
The days get longer and the nights get shorter.
The dress doesn't fit her. Alice is too thin.
The examination put a lot of stress on Tony.
The mother sat the child at a little table.
There is some difference between the twins.
They insisted on staying rather than going.
Trust me, the game is really worth playing.
Unlike her friends, she never gave up hope.
Well done! You are always doing a good job!
We're planning a tour to Italy this summer.
Were there any letters for me this morning?
Why isn't Mrs. Lee's cat catching the mice?
Your English is improving little by little.
Could you tell me where I can wash my hands?
Do you have any plans for the long weekend?
Tony decided to bring a suit against his boss.
Tony devoted his life to the study of science.
Tony had to choose between death and dishonor.
His previous attempts had been unsuccessful.
I determined that nothing should be changed.
I don't think it will lead to a good result.
I have NUMBER books and NUMBER magazines to check out.
I think I've filled in everything correctly.
I'm not sure whether I have locked the door.
It took Tony a little time to fix that watch.
My father is at home looking for the ticket.
Not until last week did I get a work permit.
Alice intends to make teaching her profession.
The letter "x" stands for an unknown number.
The sight of the dead body scared Tony stiff.
There are lots of huge buildings in Beijing.
There is an interesting film on Channel one.
They plan to immigrate to Finland next year.
We enjoyed driving along the new expressway.
We need to cooperate perfectly to win the game.
We need more than listening. We need action!
Yes. I wouldn't go home early if I were you.
Your answer is satisfying. I feel satisfied.
Betty and Susan are talking on the telephone.
Great efforts ensure the success of our work.
Tony has tasted the sweets and bitters of life.
Tony said Tony was educated in the United States.
How do you like our English literature Prof.?
I am looking forward to your visit next week.
I feel I am the happiest person in the world.
I had to sit up all night writing the report.
I hope we can see each other again some time.
I saw Tony playing football on the playground.
It is tomorrow that they will have a meeting.
Let me tell you some details about clearance.
The brain needs a continuous supply of blood.
The doctor's words made Tony feel comfortable.
The truth is quite other than what you think.
They stopped talking when their boss came in.
They were glad of the examination being over.
This is by far the largest cake in the world.
Whichever you choose, you won't be satisfied.
Will you connect this wire to the television ?
His words are strongly impressed on my memory.
Is this the fight bus for the Capital Library?
One third of this area is covered with forest.
They are arguing over who should pay the bill.
Wait a moment, I'll be with you in an instant.
You'll save time not waiting for the elevator.
A clear conscience laughs at false accusation.
I have a headache, and she has a stomachache.
Tony glared at Bill, ready to teach Tony a lesson.
I assure you that you will feel no pain at all.
I can't afford to go to a restaurant every day.
I left at 6:00 so that I could catch the train.
I'm afraid I have some rather bad news for you.
Learn to say the fight thing at the fight time.
No wonder you can't sleep when you eat so much.
Please ask her to call me back when she's back.
There are a lot of people in the swimming pool.
They have to work hard to support their family.
This way, Tony can kill two birds with one stone.
We are all taking medicine against the disease.
Would you please go to a dancing party with me?
Tony usually drops in at my place on his way home.
His vanity was hurt by their talking so frankly.
How would you go to Beijing, by air or by train?
I cannot express how glad I am to hear from Tony.
If Tom cannot keep his promise, he'll lose face.
I'll still love her even if she doesn't love me.
I received an invitation, but I did not accept it.
If I were you, I would not be bothered by English.
If you don't work, you will fail to pass the exam.
I'm thinking of hanging the lamp from the ceiling.
It is more important to be healthy than bony slim.
Long ago, people believed that the world was flat.
Old tunes are sweetest and old friends are surest.
Alice makes it clear that she doesn't like swimming.
The constitution guards the liberty of the people.
The doctor examined the soldier's wound carefully.
The harder I study, the better my English will be.
The sun was shining and the sky was crystal clear.
This cellar room is very damp in the rainy season.
Computers are becoming a part of our everyday life.
Every man is fool sometimes, but none at all times.
Tony dreamed of traveling to remote South Sea Islands.
How can I climb up that wall! I wish I were a bird!
However, Susan has not really made up her mind yet.
I really think a little exercise would do you good.
I will never forget the days that I spent with you.
we got a bad headache, and my nose is running.
Many young girls dream of being a fashion model.
Most of the earth's surface is covered by water.
Somebody's knocking at the door. I'll answer it.
The number NUMBER bus will take you to the hospital.
They celebrated Tony's birthday with a dance party.
They misplaced this book under other categories.
They played a shameful part in the whole affair.
As a matter of fact, Tony was pretending to be ill.
I will speak against anything I know to be wrong.
In spite of the heavy rain, she went to the shop.
No matter what happened, Tony would not say a word.
No one knows the location of the hidden treasure.
The old lady enjoys a quiet life with her family.
The population of the city is close to a million.
We are prohibited from smoking on school grounds.
Growth, however, brings new problems and concerns.
Tony appears to be your friend but I doubt if Tony is.
I am so full that I would burst with another bite.
I have two cats. One is white, the other is black.
I'm sorry, these NUMBER books are NUMBER days overdue.
Jalu has forgotten falling off his bicycle.
Manners are quite different from country to country.
Not only did I know her, but I was her best friend.
The best-known movie awards are the Academy Awards.
We've got to do something about the neighbor's dog!
Will you come and join us for dinner on Sunday?
Do you think people are a company's greatest wealth?
Tony thinks himself somebody, but we think him nobody.
I believe I haven't reached the summit of my career.
It is no matter whether you get there early or late.
It's against the rules to handle the ball in soccer.
The nurse assisted the doctor in the operating room.
What I do on my own time is nobody else's business.
What I want to do is different from those of others.
You forget to write down the date of your departure.
“I wish I'd known about that rule earlier", she said.“
Could you tell me your secret for a long, happy life?
Tony holds a position of great responsibility upon him.
It is said Tony has secret love affairs with two women!
Number NUMBER buses run much more frequently, don't they?
They are only too delighted to accept the invitation.
We are going to have the final examination next week.
And now medical care helps to keep people alive longer.
Do you think you'll be able to go to sleep fight away?
I am in charge of the company when the manager is out.
I borrowed a notebook from Tom and I lent it to Marry.
I'm doing some washing and John is cooking dinner.
Were there any exciting incidents during your journey?
As far as policy is concerned, I have to say something.
Could you tell me what the maximum weight allowance is?
Tony came out of the library, a large book under his arm.
The brothers differ from each other in their interests.
Although we can't see these atoms, they really do exist.
I am familiar with the casual atmosphere in the company.
Most people eat, write, and work with their fight hands.
Only by working hard can we succeed in doing everything.
Take it easy, you will be all right in a couple of days..
The Beatles represented part of the spirit of their age.
There being no one to help me, I had to do it all alone.
How much cloth does it take to make a skirt for the girl?
With all these mouths to feed, Tony didn't know what to do.
I forgot to prepare the speech I'm supposed to give today.
It's supposed to start at 7:00 sharp, but I doubt it will.
On behalf of my company, I would like to welcome you here.
Alice's been quite different since coming back from America.
Today it is common that women and girls make up in public.
I have to transfer to No. ll bus, but where is the bus stop?
I supposed Tony to be very clever but Tony was in fact a fool.
The rabbit ran to the woods and did not come back any more.
Tom and Mary congratulated us on the birth of our daughter.
I can't help eating sweets whenever they are in my presence.
l am vacuuming the floor now and have several shirts to iron.
I will love you until the seas run dry and the rocks crumble.
There is a broken small old gray stone bridge over the river
No wonder people say that computers are taking over the world.
The enormous increase of population will create many problems.
There's nothing better for you than plenty of water and sleep.
You should always depend on yourself rather than someone else.
I would like to express to all of you here our sincere welcome.
Many people prefer living in the country to living in the town.
Since I'm here, I'd like to try a typical dish of this country.
Walking up and down the stairs would beat any exercise machine.
Had it not been for the alarm clock she wouldn't have been late.
How ever you may work hard, the boss will not be fully satisfied.
If Tony had not broken his tooth, Tony would not be in hospital now.
You might as well throw your money away as spend it in gambling.
Can you put me in the picture about the World Cup Football Match?
I'm usually just using the search engines to look up information.
Tony goes home early everyday for fear that his wife would be angry.
I regret to inform you that we are unable to offer you employment.
I will continue my learning, though I am tired of learning English.
Li Bai is one of the greatest poets that have ever lived in China.
Many people complain that computers are taking over their jobs.
The cupboards in her kitchen were full of things she did not need.
What be said did not annoy me much, for I knew Tony did not mean it.
Tony asked me some personal questions, but I would never answer them.
I don't care where we go as long as we don't have to stand in line.
Alice likes Mike a lot, but she doesn't want to get married so early.
Why don't you find a job and end this dependence upon your parents?
Will you please try to find out for me what time the train arrives?
A good knowledge of English will improve your chances of employment.
If she finds out you spilled ink on her coat, she'll blow her stack.
I would be very grateful for information about entry to your college.
Mr. Smith knew Jack didn't look at the others because Tony was nervous.
On being introduced to somebody, a British person often shakes hands.
I want to take a walk along the river bank, singing my favorite songs.
Many people believe that overweight results from overeating and stress.
Yet all these things, different as they seem, have one thing in common.
All my best memories come back clearly to me, some can even make me cry.
This is the most wonderful day of my life, because I'm here with you now.
When I was young, I'd listen to the radio, waiting for my favorite songs.
I'm certain Tony'll go to see the film, because Tony's bought a ticket.
Unfortunately you'll have to pay the fine before you check those books out.
Hi! You guys keep talking so loudly that I have to speak at the top my voice!
We should not only know the theory but also how to apply it to practice.
Combining exercise with the diet may be the most effective way to lose weight. 
The maximum weight allowance is NUMBER kilos per traveler, excluding hand luggage. 
You are just putting on a little weight. I believe you'll get that off easily.
In many countries, more and more companies are replacing people with computers.
There are mice next to the refrigerator, under the sink and inside the cupboard!