NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a happy family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a colourful man from Hull who can only sleep whilst balancing a bird on his head. He has hair like a horse's mane. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
A AGE man is angry about xenophobia. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from killer a snake.
NAME is a homophobic man from Sidney who can only sleep when his pet rat is in his pocket. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has eyes like saucers. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of killing his mother.
NAME is an individual man from a galaxy far, far away who can only be seen at night. People often compare him to an individual forest. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE psychology student is angry about violence on TV. He has eyes like gemstones. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a traditional man from New Zealand who can only dance wearing a mask. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is a magical man from Boston who can only laugh when he is upside down. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a disfigured aardvark. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is angry about global warming. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
A AGE father is angry about violence on TV. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was three. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is a kind man from Ireland who can only smile the moon is in Pisces. People often compare him to a kind forest. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is an unlucky man from Mars who can only swim after he has eaten sausages. He always wears a PVC apron. He always carries a walking stick. On Sundays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a smug anthropologist who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is a silly man from Mars who can only fly whilst balancing a parrot on his head. He looks approachable. He comes from a strict family. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a nosy man from Truro who can only eat when he is upside down. He always wears body armour. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car.
A reckless man from Indianapolis is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't dance. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle from a little old lady.
NAME is a snazzy man from Seattle who can only be seen it is full moon. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A merry butcher from Northern Europe is obsessed with zombies. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a blue umbrella. On Saturdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE computer science student is angry about noisy neighbours. He has crazy, orange hair. He comes from a strict family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal firearm.
NAME is an allusive man from Manchester who can only laugh when the weather is stormy. He always wears a green shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. On Tuesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was five. He has eyes like gemstones. He comes from a middle class family. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A well-travelled physics student from a galaxy far, far away is obsessed with zombies. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He always carries a black umbrella. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a good teacher who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a silly doctor who finds it hard to do the right thing. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a scheming man from Cambridge who can only see at night. He has beautiful, white eyes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
NAME is a fashionable man from South America who can only smile at night. He has crazy, brown hair. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
NAME is addicted to biology. He has hair like a horse's mane. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. On Tuesdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is a militant man from Germany who can only drive at night. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A sweet man from Brisbane is obsessed with films. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
A AGE postal worker is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was two. People often compare him to an arrogant forest. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He has beautiful, blue eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a wild teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears false eyebrows. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a musical teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has a nose like a button. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
A AGE programmer is angry about global warming. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
A caring teenager from South America is obsessed with gazelle. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes his father. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
NAME is a kind man from Mars who can only fly the moon is in Virgo. He usually wears body armour. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A sarcastic man from Toronto is obsessed with light sabres. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is an academic man from Europe who can only be seen when his pet mouse is in his pocket. He has crazy, green hair. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A modest postal worker from Philadelphia is obsessed with computers. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries toothpaste. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a plane.
A AGE man is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was one. He has lips like little pillows. He comes from a happy family. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
A AGE doctor is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is an invisible man from Northern Europe who can only be seen when he is hungry. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a troubled family. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He always wears false eyebrows. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
An adventurous dentist from Mars is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
An AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was four. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread whilst abroad on holiday.
NAME is a modest man from Perth who can only swim after he has eaten a banana. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
A judgmental teenager from America is obsessed with light sabres. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to video games. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was fourteen. He usually wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was nine. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE librarian is angry about violence on TV. He usually wears woolly clothes. He comes from an unhappy family. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a cow.
A pessimistic computer science student from Hull is obsessed with films. He usually wears orange trousers. He comes from a middle class family. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a law-abiding man from New York who can only swim when he is upside down. People often compare him to a law-abiding mountain. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE shoemaker is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was two. People often compare him to a batty kitten. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a sarcastic man from Leeds who can only walk when the weather is stormy. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to become a senior nurse.
A AGE shoemaker is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was twelve. He looks relatively fit. He always carries a blue cape. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was five. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE merman is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was eight. He always wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes gazelle. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE musician is angry about parking. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to rapping. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Tuesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE entrepreneur is angry about racism. He has a nose like a button. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a militant man from Northern America who can only swim the moon is in Venus. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
An AGE carpenter is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He has hair like snakes. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
A AGE wizard is angry about global warming. People often compare him to an unlucky kitten. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was ten. He always wears a blue dress. He strongly dislikes his son. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He always wears a black shirt. He comes from a heavily religious family. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to Sidney. He has lips like little pillows. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
A AGE teacher is angry about xenophobia. He has eyes like little planets. He always carries a wand. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a rude man from Bristol who can only laugh whilst balancing a canary on his head. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a grey umbrella. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. A shy nurse from Seattle is obsessed with green vegetables. He usually wears woolly clothes. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A desperate painter from the moon is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears a pink shirt. He always carries a green umbrella. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. An AGE superhero is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was three. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a shy mountain. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. On Thursdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is a passionate man from Venus who can only walk by day. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was two. Physically, he is built like a cat. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE doctor is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He usually wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Saturdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE teenager is angry about violence on TV. He always wears a purple shirt. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't sleep. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is angry about veganism. He always wears a white shirt. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is an assertive man from Bodmin who can only eat when his pet canary is in his pocket. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. On Saturdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a fashionable man from South America who can only dance the sun is in Sagittarius. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is an extroverted man from Western Europe who can only walk when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal passport.
A silly teenager from Dan Diego is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
An AGE French student is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was twelve. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
An enigmatic dentist from Eastern Europe is obsessed with light sabres. He always wears false teeth. He always carries a red umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
A AGE carpenter is angry about global warming. He has a nose like a ski jump. He always carries a wand. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE superhero is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was nine. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a naughty pop star who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. His purpose in life is to become a senior author.
An ambitious geography student from Sweden is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is an interesting angel who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his mother.
NAME is a well-travelled man from Ireland who can only see by day. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
An ambitious soldier from England is obsessed with chocolate. He has beautiful, white eyes. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about vegetarianism. He looks old for his age. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE man is angry about veganism. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
NAME is a polite man from Africa who can only speak when facing north. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a newspaper. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A brash media studies student from Edinburgh is obsessed with light sabres. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A happy father from Brisbane is obsessed with light sabres. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging. A AGE fishmonger is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries two phones. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
A AGE merman is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was four. He has eyes like saucers. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE father is angry about homophobia. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his son.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was one. He usually wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes anteaters. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to dating. He usually wears a PVC apron. He always carries an orange umbrella. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. A paranoid man from Liverpool is obsessed with light sabres. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries a wand. On Mondays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A geeky father from Europe is obsessed with films. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders. A AGE media studies student is angry about rising taxes. He looks young for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a brave father who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was fourteen. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. His purpose in life is to get home.
A respectable teenager from Australia is obsessed with dance music. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE spy is angry about the recent jailing of his son. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was three. He looks old for his age. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
A AGE computer science student is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was one. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
A AGE angel is angry about the recent jailing of his boyfriend. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE physics student is angry about pretty much everything. He has a nose like a beak. He always carries a pink cape. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on national television.
An outspoken computer science student from Edinburgh is obsessed with flamingos. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an honest man from St Austell who can only smile when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a sceptical carpenter who finds it hard to trust people. He has a nose like a ski jump. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a militant teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. On Fridays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE teenager is angry about global warming. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a magic bean. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a bicycle.
NAME is an unstable man from Norway who can only swim when facing north. He has eyes like gemstones. He comes from a strict family. On Thursdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A funny entrepreneur from Perth is obsessed with light sabres. He usually wears false eyebrows. He always carries toothpaste. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A young teenager from Bristol is obsessed with piano keys. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is an interesting man from Germany who can only swim when he is upside down. People often compare him to an interesting horse. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car.
NAME is a snobby man from San Francisco who can only swim by day. People often compare him to a snobby cow. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car.
A AGE nurse is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was four. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in finding a missing torch.
NAME is attached to a machine. He usually wears woolly clothes. He always carries a newspaper. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a snobby man from Philadelphia who can only laugh after he has eaten toast. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is an academic man from Glasgow who can only walk when facing north. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries a pistol. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE vampire is angry about politics. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has to save the world from killer a zombie.
NAME is a fascinating man from Hull who can only drive wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes his colleague. On Saturdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is an unlucky man from The Philippines who can only read after he has eaten an orange. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a batty man who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is a sweet man from New York who can only see by day. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has hair like a shimmering river. He always carries two phones. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was five. He has beautiful, green eyes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a fascinating man from Toronto who can only be seen when he is upside down. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a chatty man from Dublin who can only sleep at night. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a strict man from Chicago who can only sleep wearing a mask. He usually wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a paranoid teenager who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a paranoid clock. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an unkind teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has beautiful, grey eyes. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to become a senior surgeon.
NAME is a gentle politician who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was six. He looks smart. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is a prejudiced teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a desperate man from Scotland who can only laugh by day. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
A sarcastic psychology student from Venus is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries a wand. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was four. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a smart biology student who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank. A bad teenager from Seattle is obsessed with chocolate. People often compare him to a bad kangaroo. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. He is particularly interested in escaping from enemy troops.
A AGE soldier is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was one. People often compare him to a criminal aardvark. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE merman is angry about his football team losing. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A rich man from Norway is obsessed with computers. He has beautiful, green eyes. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE father is angry about violence on TV. He usually wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a wild manufacturer who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
A criminal teacher from India is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a criminal flamingo. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a colourful teenager who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a chatty man from Sheffield who can only fly when his pet parrot is in his pocket. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
NAME is a calculating man from a galaxy far, far away who can only fly at night. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his hat collection.
A AGE politician is angry about zombies. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a heavily religious family. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was nine. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car in the dead of night.
NAME is a rich man from Toronto who can only eat it is full moon. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a mystical man from a galaxy far, far away who can only fly after he has eaten stawberry jam. He has crazy, brown hair. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
A AGE postal worker is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was six. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
NAME is an unstable man from Germany who can only sleep when his pet canary is in his pocket. He looks smart. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an individual zombie who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A sweet merman from a galaxy far, far away is obsessed with aardvarks. He usually wears a PVC apron. He always carries a black cape. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
NAME is a silly zombie who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is a traditional man from Ireland who can only laugh when facing north. He has a nose like a beak. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to dating. He has crazy, brown hair. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has crazy, pink hair. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a puppy.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He usually wears a PVC apron. He always carries toothpaste. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread many years ago.
NAME is an easily-led man from Northern Europe who can only walk it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was three. He looks smart. He always carries a walking stick. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is an irritable soldier who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to an irritable mountain. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
A AGE spy is angry about xenophobia. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a shy computer science student who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a desperate man from Dan Diego who can only fly when the weather is thunderous. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is addicted to art. People often compare him to an outspoken goldfish. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is a kind man from America who can only eat when he is upside down. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is a happy politician who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a colourful teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a well-educated librarian who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A gentle father from Dublin is obsessed with envelopes. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a car from a little old lady.
NAME is a young man from Liverpool who can only smile when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is addicted to Ireland. He has eyes like little planets. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE wizard is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was four. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE man is angry about being kept away from his colleague. People often compare him to a generous cow. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
An allusive geography student from Dallas is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on social media.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to an immature puppy. He always carries a walking stick. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is addicted to writing code. He has crazy, grey hair. He comes from a happy family. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. NAME is a well-loved accountant who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has eyes like little planets. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE butcher is angry about the recent jailing of his brother. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a lazy man from Dallas who can only see whilst balancing a skunk on his head. He has crazy, white hair. He comes from an unhappy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a bad man from Birmingham who can only eat when he is upside down. He has beautiful, purple eyes. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a geeky wizard who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a happy father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is addicted to acting. He has beautiful, red eyes. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
NAME is a musical physics student who finds it hard to do the right thing. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a disturbed surgeon who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has a nose like a beak. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
NAME is a sleepy man from Seattle who can only fly by day. People often compare him to a sleepy wolf. He always carries toothpaste. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
NAME is a criminal man who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has hair like a shimmering river. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE goblin is angry about low-fat cheese. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
An arrogant teenager from New Zealand is obsessed with films. He looks exhausted. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
NAME is an interesting man from Northern Europe who can only see after he has eaten pasties. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a black umbrella. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE lawyer is angry about xenophobia. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a sarcastic physics student who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An unkind teenager from Norway is obsessed with light sabres. He always wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is addicted to painting. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a car.
A AGE teenager is angry about violence on TV. He looks relatively fit. He always carries a newspaper. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was two. He looks smart. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. NAME is a fascinating teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
A AGE physics student is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was eight. People often compare him to a creative forest. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to an unlucky mountain. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't see. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a sleepy programmer who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
NAME is addicted to hopping. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
An admired butcher from Sidney is obsessed with films. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a pistol. He has been wrongly accused of killing his mother.
NAME is a fashionable man from Sidney who can only swim after he has eaten a bagel. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a strict family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has crazy, pink hair. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a vulgar man from Edinburgh who can only speak when facing north. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a podcast.
NAME is a forceful man from Birmingham who can only walk when facing north. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a middle class family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is an interesting man from the moon who can only sleep when he is upside down. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE painter is angry about rising taxes. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a generous electrician who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is particularly interested in learning to run a knicker factory.
A AGE zombie is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was six. He has eyes like space rockets. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal potion. NAME is a snazzy man from Washington who can only smile when his pet mouse is in his pocket. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his sister. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a merry man from Washington who can only be seen when he is hungry. People often compare him to a merry meadow. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. His purpose in life is to become a senior lawyer.
NAME is addicted to social media. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
NAME is an ambitious entrepreneur who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a respectable man from France who can only see by day. People often compare him to a respectable puppy. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE nurse is angry about pretty much everything. He usually wears body armour. He comes from a happy family. He is particularly interested in listening to classical music.
NAME is an extroverted man who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes sheep. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is an admired merman who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is particularly interested in escaping from his roots.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He always carries a calculator. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has a nose like a beak. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was four. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
A AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was two. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation.
A AGE singer is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was two. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a strict man from Ireland who can only walk at night. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes his sister. On Tuesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A fine man from Manchester is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a thoughtful fishmonger who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes goldfish. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a young man from Venus who can only be seen the sun is in Venus. He always wears a PVC apron. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is an outgoing father who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has eyes like planets. He comes from a rich family. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
A AGE teenager is angry about his football team losing. He always wears a green dress. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
An AGE biology student is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was twelve. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is particularly interested in finding a missing sock.
NAME is a lucky psychology student who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a disturbed teenager who finds it hard to trust people. He has a nose like a button. He always carries a green cape. On Fridays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks smart. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his hat collection.
NAME is a gullible man from South America who can only laugh wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a gentle man from Boston who can only fly at night. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a brave man from Europe who can only eat the sun is in Virgo. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to the moon. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is age. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kitten.
NAME is a mean geography student who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has hair like a troll's. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
A AGE entrepreneur is angry about the recent jailing of his daughter. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president in a blog post.
A batty teacher from Wales is obsessed with computers. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries toothpaste. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A terrible father from Oxford is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a truck. He always carries two phones. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
NAME is a smug man who finds it hard to trust people. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is a funny man from Netherlands who can only eat when the weather is stormy. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes his husband. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a strict man from Norway who can only smile whilst balancing a rat on his head. He usually wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE politician is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. Physically, he is built like a brick. He strongly dislikes his son. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a plane.
A AGE electrician is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a nosy man from America who can only walk it is full moon. He always wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a forceful professor who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in escaping from his roots.
A disfigured chef from Manchester is obsessed with computers. He has beautiful, pink eyes. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An honest electrician from South America is obsessed with computers. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kitten.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is particularly interested in learning to run a candle factory.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was eight. He has crazy, red hair. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a good man from Mars who can only be seen when he is upside down. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a wolf.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes sheep. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A naughty librarian from France is obsessed with films. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. On Wednesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a spontaneous man from Sheffield who can only sleep at night. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was three. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A gullible merman from Birmingham is obsessed with green vegetables. He usually wears woolly clothes. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries two phones. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was six. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a pink cape. He has to save the world from killer a lion.
A AGE nurse is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was two. He usually wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
NAME is a hard-working musician who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a hard-working clock. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is particularly interested in making pies out of other people.
NAME is a wild man from Leeds who can only be seen at night. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
A AGE biology student is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a middle class family. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE engineer is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was one. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
A troubled art student from New Zealand is obsessed with rap music. He looks exhausted. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is an honest man from Perth who can only read by day. He has hair like a shimmering river. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. On Tuesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE swimming instructor is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was two. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE man is angry about politics. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a middle class family. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. A AGE pianist is angry about noisy neighbours. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries a wand. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes. An enigmatic accountant from Africa is obsessed with computers. He looks exhausted. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
A AGE teenager is angry about vegetarianism. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his fianc&eacute;.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an immature pop star who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries a tape measure. On Tuesdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a rich family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a brash man from America who can only read whilst balancing a rabbit on his head. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a newspaper. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has beautiful, orange eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is particularly interested in escaping from his roots.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
NAME is an assertive man from Philadelphia who can only dance when the weather is snowy. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
A AGE teacher is angry about the recent jailing of his father. He usually wears woolly clothes. He always carries toothpaste. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
An AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was eight. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is a lazy man from Melbourne who can only see at night. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a prejudiced man from Manchester who can only sleep wearing a mask. People often compare him to a prejudiced statue. He always carries a pink cape. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE giant is angry about low-fat cheese. He has a nose like a beak. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE fishmonger is angry about racism. He has lips like pink cushions. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to become a senior shop assistant.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was one. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his son.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has crazy, pink hair. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a magical clock. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. On Sundays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a polite teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person into a volcano.
A sweet author from Dublin is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A AGE musician is angry about vegetarianism. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a naughty man from New York who can only smile when his pet ferret is in his pocket. He has eyes like marbles. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE teenager is angry about violence on TV. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a tape measure. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
A AGE chef is angry about his football team losing. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
A AGE zombie is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was six. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
An unstable lawyer from Dallas is obsessed with chocolate. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a wand. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle from a little old lady.
NAME is a vulgar man who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has hair like a horse's mane. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a militant man from Leeds who can only swim by day. People often compare him to a militant kangaroo. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE werewolf is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was fourteen. He has eyes like space rockets. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE computer science student is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was two. He usually wears a yellow dress. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a thoughtful man from Sheffield who can only fly after he has eaten sausages. People often compare him to a thoughtful statue. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a spontaneous teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his brother.
A AGE father is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He looks young for his age. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a caring man from Orlando who can only be seen when facing north. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of killing his friend.
A snobby teenager from Birmingham is obsessed with rap music. He has lips like soft petals. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a poor family. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks approachable. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is particularly interested in escaping from rehab.
A AGE solicitor is angry about global warming. He has crazy, purple hair. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is an old man from Manchester who can only sleep when the weather is icy. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking an ambulence.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was five. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
NAME is a corny teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a broken family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE politician is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was five. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries multiple sandwiches. On Sundays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to a well-loved cat. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is an outgoing teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a well-travelled giant who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a well-travelled clock. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has lips like slugs. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE carpenter is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was six. He has crazy, brown hair. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a conventional man from Hull who can only drive after he has eaten pasties. Physically, he is built like a stick. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was eleven. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a walking stick. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wooden spoon collection.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a mean goldfish. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal passport.
NAME is a kind man from Australia who can only swim when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his shoe collection.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes anteaters. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a judgmental man from Dublin who can only sleep at night. Physically, he is built like a stick. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a cow.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has eyes like the ocean. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is a stable man from Northern America who can only walk by day. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
NAME is a scheming physics student who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a scheming cow. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a dishy teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE psychology student is angry about rising taxes. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an unkind lawyer who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to an unkind mountain. He always carries a pistol. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
NAME is an easily-led builder who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
A AGE spy is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was six. He has a nose like a ski jump. He comes from a middle class family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is an adventurous solicitor who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears a black dress. He always carries a wand. He is particularly interested in escaping from his roots.
NAME is addicted to writing. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
NAME is a chatty politician who finds it hard to trust people. He has eyes like fish bowls. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a colourful man from Sweden who can only be seen after he has eaten marmalade. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A cute entrepreneur from Western Europe is obsessed with films. He looks young for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is an allusive man from Edinburgh who can only fly whilst balancing a skunk on his head. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is an assertive professor who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has lips like pink cushions. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is particularly interested in finding a missing torch.
NAME is a smart man from Wales who can only read at night. He has a nose like a ski jump. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a bad man from South America who can only sleep when he is upside down. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. His purpose in life is to become a senior chef.
A good soldier from the moon is obsessed with envelopes. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a racist man from Manchester who can only smile when his pet rat is in his pocket. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes his daughter. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE monarch is angry about global warming. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was nine. He always wears false teeth. He comes from a middle class family. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an attractive teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has to save the world from killer a snake.
An unstable manufacturer from Germany is obsessed with chocolate. He has beautiful, red eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
An interesting teenager from Sweden is obsessed with dance music. He has hair like snakes. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE man is angry about his football team losing. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a shy man from Melbourne who can only laugh when his pet bird is in his pocket. He usually wears body armour. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was three. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of other people.
A careless vampire from Indianapolis is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries two phones. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE giant is angry about politics. He looks smart. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
A AGE man is angry about noisy neighbours. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A troubled teenager from Australia is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a troubled hippo. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE butcher is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was nine. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. On Saturdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was ten. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a newspaper. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
An AGE swimming instructor is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was twelve. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't dance. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a rude man from San Francisco who can only drive when the weather is wet. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to history. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries a brown cape. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. NAME is a polite man from Los Angeles who can only fly when facing north. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his wife. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal dog. NAME is attached to a machine. He looks exhausted. He always carries a pistol. He is particularly interested in learning new words.

A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was one. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. On Wednesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has lips like soft petals. He always carries a wand. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his sister.
NAME is attached to a machine. He usually wears body armour. He always carries a red cape. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a gentle man from Washington who can only sleep the moon is in Capricorn. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an unkind man from Orlando who can only see when he is upside down. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a pessimistic man from Eastern Europe who can only speak it is full moon. People often compare him to a pessimistic cow. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
A AGE butcher is angry about being kept away from his neighbour. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes sheep. On Saturdays, he likes to count his money.

NAME is an outspoken man from Indianapolis who can only read when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a newspaper. On Wednesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a bad man from Bodmin who can only smile when facing north. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a podcast.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He strongly dislikes his son. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to Perth. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a bicycle.
NAME is a good man from Sweden who can only speak when the weather is stormy. He has lips like pink cushions. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. On Thursdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is an old anthropologist who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has beautiful, blue eyes. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
A AGE man is angry about the recent jailing of his father. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a modest man from Dublin who can only sleep whilst balancing a canary on his head. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is an interesting man from England who can only smile wearing a mask. He has crazy, white hair. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to Venus. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE computer science student is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was six. He has beautiful, black eyes. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He is particularly interested in escaping from rehab.
NAME is a trendy pop star who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was three. People often compare him to a creative statue. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. On Sundays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE vampire is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was one. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a calculator. On Wednesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a chatty man from Sidney who can only read when facing north. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
NAME is a lucky man from Mars who can only eat when the weather is stormy. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is a lazy man from Leeds who can only drive at night. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE teenager is angry about politics. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE software developer is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was three. People often compare him to a pessimistic doll. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. On Sundays, he likes to name small animals. NAME is a shy man from Plymouth who can only see when facing north. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A caring media studies student from Wales is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a caring hippo. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is addicted to video games. He always wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
A AGE father is angry about politics. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a troubled family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his neighbour. A AGE politician is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was three. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries an orange umbrella. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to Saturn. He always wears grey trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a desperate teenager who finds it hard to trust people. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries two phones. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
An honest teenager from the moon is obsessed with dance music. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE art student is angry about parking. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle many years ago.
NAME is a fashionable man who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
An interesting father from Los Angeles is obsessed with anteaters. He has crazy, black hair. He always carries a white cape. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a puppy.
NAME is a well-educated man from Melbourne who can only see after he has eaten an orange. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A hard-working monarch from Wales is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a wild father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has crazy, blue hair. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a dog.
An AGE wizard is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was seven. He usually wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Sundays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a brave teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a brave mountain. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
A AGE drama student is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He looks old for his age. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was twelve. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of killing his colleague.
NAME is an arrogant man from Washington who can only fly the moon is in Venus. He has eyes like marbles. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a magical man from Houston who can only sleep whilst balancing a skunk on his head. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is a gentle man from Oxford who can only see when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE pop star is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was one. He looks exhausted. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
An AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was three. He always wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.

NAME is addicted to Liverpool. People often compare him to a fascinating tree. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
A AGE teacher is angry about his leaky teapot. He has hair like a horse's mane. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is an assertive father who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a stick. He strongly dislikes his father. He has been wrongly accused of killing his wife.
A AGE radiologist is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was six. He looks young for his age. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. On Sundays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was thirteen. He always wears a grey shirt. He always carries a tape measure. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a lucky man from Europe who can only read at night. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on social media.
NAME is a sceptical pianist who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a heavily religious family. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A posh man from Manchester is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a posh kitten. He strongly dislikes his partner. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A stable teenager from Philadelphia is obsessed with zombies. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a black umbrella. He is particularly interested in making pies out of other people.
A good biology student from Africa is obsessed with green vegetables. He usually wears false eyebrows. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has beautiful, black eyes. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of killing his father.
A AGE media studies student is angry about his football team losing. He always wears many layers of clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
A hard-working builder from Toronto is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has been wrongly accused of killing his sister.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was thirteen. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
NAME is a batty man from Phonix who can only smile whilst balancing a canary on his head. People often compare him to a batty dog. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an individual man who finds it hard to do the right thing. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a well-educated teenager who finds it hard to trust people. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
A AGE painter is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was one. He looks old for his age. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A helpful teacher from Seattle is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public in a blog post.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his sister. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.

NAME is a hard-working man from Eastern Europe who can only walk when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is addicted to social media. Physically, he is built like a brick. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was one. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
A xenophobic teenager from Germany is obsessed with envelopes. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was fourteen. He looks young for his age. He always carries a tape measure. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to French. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a snobby man from Atlanta who can only read by day. He usually wears an orange dress. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a sweet tree. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE surgeon is angry about xenophobia. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wooden spoon collection.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was four. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a respectable man from Birmingham who can only see the moon is in Scorpio. People often compare him to a respectable tree. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is attached to a machine. He usually wears a red shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an intelligent man from Northern Europe who can only swim when the weather is stormy. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. On Thursdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is an interesting man from Melbourne who can only drive by day. He has a nose like a beak. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is a loyal man from New York who can only smile at night. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is a well-travelled man from Houston who can only sleep when the weather is fair. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
A AGE singer is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He comes from a troubled family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his partner.
NAME is a fashionable man from Atlanta who can only dance the moon is in Leo. He has a nose like a button. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a brave man from The Philippines who can only speak when he is upside down. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A strict pop star from Liverpool is obsessed with green vegetables. He has hair like snakes. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his sister.
An AGE painter is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was seven. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE dentist is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He has to save the world from killer a zombie. NAME is a calculating man from Los Angeles who can only drive after he has eaten pasties. People often compare him to a calculating kangaroo. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in finding a missing sock.
A AGE physics student is angry about global warming. He always wears a pink dress. He always carries a pink umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE wizard is angry about his leaky teapot. People often compare him to a fascinating forest. He strongly dislikes his wife. On Wednesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a mean mouse. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
A AGE physics student is angry about racism. He looks trustworthy. He comes from an unhappy family. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A pessimistic teacher from South America is obsessed with dance music. He always wears a grey shirt. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE politician is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was four. People often compare him to a mystical mountain. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
NAME is a scheming manufacturer who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A snobby history student from Chicago is obsessed with light sabres. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears a red shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a radio show.
NAME is a shy man from Norway who can only fly when the weather is sunny. People often compare him to a shy clock. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
A AGE giant is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was four. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A well-loved teenager from Saturn is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE writer is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was two. He has eyes like the ocean. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is an outspoken man from India who can only swim at night. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a broken family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a gullible wizard who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
A caring radiologist from Houston is obsessed with green vegetables. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was six. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a well-travelled man from Saturn who can only see it is full moon. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. People often compare him to a funny tree. He always carries a red cape. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was eight. He always wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes his wife. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE man is angry about parking. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a pink umbrella. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.

A AGE physics student is angry about noisy neighbours. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
NAME is a rich man from Netherlands who can only be seen wearing a mask. He has a nose like a button. He strongly dislikes his sister. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A silly pop star from New Zealand is obsessed with films. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
A AGE teenager is angry about noisy neighbours. He looks old for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his son.
A AGE man is angry about zombies. He usually wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a geeky man from New Zealand who can only drive when facing north. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has lips like slugs. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to become a senior nurse.
A AGE dentist is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was three. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes flamingos. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE butcher is angry about noisy neighbours. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries a purple umbrella. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
NAME is a boring engineer who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A vulgar man from Norway is obsessed with light sabres. He always wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A AGE teenager is angry about noisy neighbours. He looks old for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is particularly interested in finding a missing soldier.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was thirteen. He usually wears a red shirt. He always carries a wand. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is an extroverted teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has a nose like a beak. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an interesting man from Liverpool who can only dance wearing a mask. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a yellow umbrella. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his harpoon collection.
A polite shop assistant from Canada is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a truck. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a goldfish.
NAME is a nosy fishmonger who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks trustworthy. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He always wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
A AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was eight. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a cow.
A shy art student from England is obsessed with envelopes. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was thirteen. He always wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
NAME is a rude man from Hull who can only laugh when facing north. He has lips like little pillows. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is a prejudiced man from Mars who can only speak when the weather is thunderous. People often compare him to a prejudiced hippo. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was ten. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Thursdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities on national television.
NAME is a respectable man from Melbourne who can only drive when the weather is blowy. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries toothpaste. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
A judgmental teenager from Sidney is obsessed with ghosts. He usually wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has hair like a shimmering river. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A prejudiced painter from Northern America is obsessed with computers. He looks relatively fit. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an outgoing man from Scotland who can only dance at night. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has to save the world from killer a lion.
NAME is a cute man from Western Europe who can only fly after he has eaten a bagel. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries toothpaste. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is an introverted man from Bristol who can only be seen wearing a mask. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a working class family. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of other people.
NAME is a careless history student who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE fishmonger is angry about low-fat cheese. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a smug singer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has beautiful, white eyes. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities on local radio.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was two. He has eyes like marbles. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He usually wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car many years ago.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An invisible surgeon from Edinburgh is obsessed with chocolate. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
An AGE man is angry about parking. He looks young for his age. He strongly dislikes flamingos. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
An AGE butcher is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was nine. He always wears many layers of clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE shoemaker is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was eleven. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
A AGE vampire is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was fourteen. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a broken family. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a colourful man from Sheffield who can only read at night. People often compare him to a colourful mountain. He always carries a newspaper. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE programmer is angry about parking. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
A AGE history student is angry about veganism. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is a strict man from America who can only smile by day. People often compare him to a strict forest. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an allusive pianist who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE teenager is angry about pretty much everything. He always wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A conventional builder from Oxford is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a blue cape. He has been wrongly accused of killing his husband.
NAME is a grumpy man from France who can only laugh wearing a mask. He has crazy, blue hair. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A forceful father from Dan Diego is obsessed with computers. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks approachable. He always carries a yellow cape. On Fridays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE dentist is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was five. He has lips like little pillows. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
NAME is a mystical man from Western Europe who can only fly the sun is in Scorpio. He usually wears a white shirt. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Sundays, he likes to count his money.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was eight. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE anthropologist is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was ten. He has beautiful, green eyes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. On Sundays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a desperate man from San Francisco who can only fly it is full moon. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is addicted to painting. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was five. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is addicted to rapping. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't dance. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He usually wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a pistol. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
An outspoken teenager from Scotland is obsessed with dance music. People often compare him to an outspoken forest. He comes from a heavily religious family. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like a house. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a bossy media studies student who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a house. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has beautiful, purple eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is a forceful werewolf who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE writer is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was eleven. He has crazy, grey hair. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
An attractive French student from Seattle is obsessed with films. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to dating. People often compare him to a calculating kitten. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a mystical father who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries an orange umbrella. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is an irritable man from Glasgow who can only be seen the sun is in Venus. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE farmer is angry about vegetarianism. He has hair like a troll's. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a sceptical man from Dublin who can only sleep when he is hungry. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has been wrongly accused of killing his sister. NAME is a grumpy father who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears grey trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to history. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
An interesting builder from outer space is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to an immature tree. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a paranoid man from Australia who can only drive it is full moon. He usually wears false teeth. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his boyfriend.
A AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was two. He usually wears a brown shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks approachable. He comes from an unhappy family. On Tuesdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is a grumpy man from Sheffield who can only read at night. He has beautiful, green eyes. He always carries a pink umbrella. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE superhero is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was twelve. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was three. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Thursdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
An attractive librarian from Dallas is obsessed with ghosts. He has hair like a bird's nest. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.

NAME is addicted to sewing. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
A AGE soldier is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was nine. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
NAME is a racist teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a racist dog. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
A AGE fishmonger is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was eleven. People often compare him to a greedy hippo. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream at gunpoint.
A nosy teenager from Sheffield is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a nosy puppy. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE teenager is angry about vegetarianism. People often compare him to a wild forest. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A forceful teenager from Venus is obsessed with kangaroos. He has eyes like planets. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't drive. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a brash man from Denmark who can only smile whilst balancing a parrot on his head. People often compare him to a brash statue. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an honest man from Dublin who can only eat it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A gullible giant from a galaxy far, far away is obsessed with films. People often compare him to a gullible doll. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a bossy cat. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is an entertaining man from Plymouth who can only sleep whilst balancing a rat on his head. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an outspoken monarch who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has eyes like planets. He always carries two phones. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his friend.
A rude man from Edinburgh is obsessed with dance music. He always wears a white dress. He always carries a red cape. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a respectable man from Boston who can only be seen wearing a mask. He has a nose like a beak. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
A AGE spy is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
NAME is a well-travelled goblin who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of vegetables.
A AGE dentist is angry about the recent jailing of his boyfriend. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a geeky man from Melbourne who can only speak the moon is in Virgo. He has crazy, yellow hair. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a grumpy teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
A AGE postal worker is angry about veganism. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his colleague.
A AGE father is angry about veganism. He always wears a grey dress. He strongly dislikes his brother. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a green cape. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE wizard is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was three. He always wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes anteaters. His purpose in life is to become a senior dentist.
A AGE teenager is angry about low-fat cheese. He has beautiful, green eyes. He comes from a troubled family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is age. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is an unkind zombie who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a happy family. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys. NAME is addicted to pleasure. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a strict family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has eyes like the ocean. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
NAME is an adventurous drama student who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a magic bean. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was fourteen. He has beautiful, green eyes. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a pessimistic man from Ireland who can only walk when his pet rat is in his pocket. He has crazy, green hair. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A loving merman from Edinburgh is obsessed with zombies. He always wears a white dress. He strongly dislikes his mother. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was six. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. On Thursdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is an unstable teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a brown umbrella. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his neighbour.
NAME is a loyal man from Manchester who can only sleep when the weather is rainy. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries a magic bean. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an ambitious teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a racist man from St Austell who can only smile wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was two. He has lips like little pillows. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a bicycle.
A AGE carpenter is angry about low-fat cheese. People often compare him to a careless puppy. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a loving father who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is particularly interested in finding a missing child.
NAME is a well-loved man from London who can only walk after he has eaten an orange. People often compare him to a well-loved cat. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has hair like a shimmering river. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
A well-educated postal worker from Western Europe is obsessed with piano keys. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE teenager is angry about noisy neighbours. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries multiple sandwiches. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a desperate man from Seattle who can only speak the moon is in Venus. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a musical man from Atlanta who can only swim by day. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes his husband. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE art student is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was twelve. People often compare him to a trendy meadow. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
A bad man from Brisbane is obsessed with films. He has beautiful, orange eyes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE fishmonger is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a forceful man from Dallas who can only laugh when his pet ferret is in his pocket. People often compare him to a forceful kitten. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. On Saturdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is an immature man from Cambridge who can only speak when he is hungry. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a corny builder who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a fascinating man from London who can only see when facing north. He looks relatively fit. He always carries a walking stick. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was thirteen. He usually wears body armour. He always carries a walking stick. On Wednesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a dishonest man from Atlanta who can only speak when facing north. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He always carries a white cape. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an assertive man from Dan Diego who can only swim when his pet ferret is in his pocket. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was fourteen. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
NAME is an introverted singer who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a walking stick. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
NAME is a dishy librarian who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE superhero is angry about his football team losing. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE monarch is angry about global warming. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is an admired musician who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears a red shirt. He always carries two phones. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
A AGE anthropologist is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a newspaper. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a rich writer who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He usually wears a blue shirt. He always carries a yellow umbrella. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.

NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has crazy, green hair. He always carries an orange cape. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is angry about noisy neighbours. He has crazy, orange hair. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his girlfriend.
A militant lawyer from Leeds is obsessed with envelopes. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a trendy father who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a trendy giraffe. He always carries a tape measure. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is an enigmatic lawyer who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE merman is angry about his football team losing. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an assertive man from Dallas who can only laugh when his pet bird is in his pocket. He has lips like slugs. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is addicted to art. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an inspiring man from San Francisco who can only smile when facing north. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
NAME is a thoughtful teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is a rich man from Africa who can only fly at night. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is an unstable man from Australia who can only sleep when facing north. He always wears brown trousers. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE engineer is angry about parking. He usually wears false teeth. He always carries a pink umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a boring politician who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is an extroverted man from Cambridge who can only fly it is full moon. He usually wears a blue dress. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
A AGE entrepreneur is angry about xenophobia. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes goldfish. On Fridays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a gentle teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has a nose like a button. He strongly dislikes his son. On Tuesdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is an entertaining singer who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a fire engine.
A loving father from Orlando is obsessed with aardvarks. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was seven. People often compare him to a hard-working giraffe. He always carries a wand. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He always wears a brown dress. He strongly dislikes his father. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a loving man from Canada who can only see whilst balancing a mouse on his head. He always wears woolly clothes. He comes from a happy family. On Thursdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a desperate man from Indianapolis who can only fly after he has eaten pasties. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE pop star is angry about xenophobia. He has eyes like space rockets. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A well-travelled teenager from Norway is obsessed with kangaroos. People often compare him to a well-travelled tree. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An immature man from Los Angeles is obsessed with films. He looks smart. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
A AGE teenager is angry about pretty much everything. He always wears an orange dress. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his brother.
NAME is a homophobic man from New Zealand who can only eat when he is upside down. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a magic bean. His purpose in life is to get home.
An academic teenager from Australia is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks exhausted. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A respectable teenager from Ireland is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries a calculator. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
An inquiring teenager from Glasgow is obsessed with films. He has crazy, yellow hair. He comes from a middle class family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to drama. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A corny zombie from New York is obsessed with envelopes. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a generous man who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to a generous statue. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president on national television.
A AGE doctor is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was nine. He looks exhausted. He comes from a poor family. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE politician is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was six. He has a nose like a button. He always carries a walking stick. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE postal worker is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was thirteen. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel whilst abroad on holiday.
An academic author from Toronto is obsessed with rap music. He has eyes like space rockets. He comes from a troubled family. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a middle class family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
A AGE singer is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was three. He looks old for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has to save the world from global warming.
A xenophobic surgeon from Dan Diego is obsessed with rap music. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He comes from a troubled family. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a traditional man from Glasgow who can only be seen the sun is in Sagittarius. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
NAME is a naughty man from New Zealand who can only laugh after he has eaten an orange. People often compare him to a naughty tree. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is an enigmatic man from Birmingham who can only fly at night. He has crazy, grey hair. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A musical teenager from Western Europe is obsessed with unicorn. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
A nosy postal worker from India is obsessed with computers. He has crazy, pink hair. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
A AGE man is angry about politics. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an allusive man from San Francisco who can only eat it is full moon. People often compare him to an allusive goldfish. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE history student is angry about the recent jailing of his mother. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to video games. He always wears an orange dress. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a batty man from New Zealand who can only swim by day. He has a nose like a button. He always carries toothpaste. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is addicted to writing. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
NAME is a chatty man from Houston who can only be seen when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on social media.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has lips like little pillows. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has to save the world from killer a sponge.
NAME is a bossy teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries toothpaste. He is particularly interested in escaping from from a burning building.
An intelligent father from Norway is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his boyfriend.
NAME is a loyal man from the moon who can only see by day. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE programmer is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was four. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was six. He has hair like a shimmering river. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is age. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a grumpy programmer who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a middle class family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is an easily-led father who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has beautiful, green eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has beautiful, green eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a smug man from Northern America who can only speak the moon is in Sagittarius. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has crazy, blue hair. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a hard-working librarian who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has to save the world from killer a lion.
NAME is a sweet wizard who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
A terrible teenager from Africa is obsessed with kangaroos. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a lazy doctor who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is a greedy radiologist who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a poor family. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of vegetables.
NAME is a xenophobic man from Liverpool who can only sleep after he has eaten an orange. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. On Wednesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE accountant is angry about noisy neighbours. He usually wears woolly clothes. He always carries toothpaste. He has been wrongly accused of killing his brother.
NAME is a sleepy man from Los Angeles who can only fly after he has eaten stawberry jam. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a loyal man from Western Europe who can only see when his pet skunk is in his pocket. He looks approachable. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities on local radio.
A AGE teacher is angry about pretty much everything. People often compare him to a spontaneous horse. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He has to save the world from global warming.
A sceptical vampire from Bristol is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car.
NAME is a boring man from New Zealand who can only see when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes flamingos. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE teenager is angry about rising taxes. He has a nose like a button. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a snobby man from Birmingham who can only dance at night. He has crazy, grey hair. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
NAME is a respectable postal worker who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
A AGE manufacturer is angry about xenophobia. He always wears false teeth. He comes from a strict family. On Thursdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a silly man from San Francisco who can only speak by day. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a forceful man from St Austell who can only eat it is full moon. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A criminal postal worker from Atlanta is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a criminal dog. He always carries a black umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of killing his fianc&eacute;.
A AGE teacher is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was thirteen. He has eyes like the ocean. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
NAME is a mystical man from Indianapolis who can only laugh after he has eaten an orange. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Tuesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE software developer is angry about vegetarianism. He has hair like a horse's mane. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He has eyes like fish bowls. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is particularly interested in making pies out of bad people.
NAME is an inquiring man from South America who can only speak when the weather is icy. He has beautiful, blue eyes. He always carries toothpaste. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE father is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He looks smart. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was eleven. He has hair like snakes. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
A AGE biology student is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. On Tuesdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is an intelligent pop star who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to an intelligent forest. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
An AGE solicitor is angry about the recent jailing of his boyfriend. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an unstable man from Birmingham who can only speak at night. People often compare him to an unstable aardvark. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a dishy butcher who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a sweet politician who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has been wrongly accused of killing his wife.
NAME is an inquiring man from Ireland who can only sleep when his pet canary is in his pocket. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't fly. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from global warming.
A troubled teenager from Glasgow is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Mondays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is a modest man from Los Angeles who can only read whilst balancing a rabbit on his head. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. On Fridays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A disfigured teenager from New York is obsessed with computers. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a thoughtful man from Denmark who can only read it is full moon. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is an admired shop assistant who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of vegetables.
NAME is a racist father who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a racist statue. He strongly dislikes anteaters. On Mondays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was ten. He usually wears a PVC apron. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a generous man from Phonix who can only walk the sun is in Libra. He always wears a brown shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a helpful man from St Austell who can only dance when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. He always wears a pink dress. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is addicted to social media. Physically, he is built like a stick. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a terrible man from Indianapolis who can only be seen at night. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a young man who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries a green umbrella. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE merman is angry about global warming. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a happy family. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
A AGE programmer is angry about zombies. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
An AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was one. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car from a little old lady.
NAME is addicted to video games. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was six. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has to save the world from killer a duck.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was nine. He always wears body armour. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Fridays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was two. People often compare him to a sarcastic doll. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
NAME is addicted to Sidney. He has crazy, blue hair. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
NAME is an entertaining father who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears body armour. He comes from a rich family. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a disfigured man from Eastern Europe who can only read wearing a mask. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a calculator. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a lazy solicitor who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
NAME is a boring man from outer space who can only smile by day. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was two. He has lips like slugs. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his co-worker.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to an enigmatic mouse. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a bad radiologist who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE physics student is angry about politics. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes his sister. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
An adventurous receptionist from Dallas is obsessed with gazelle. He has beautiful, white eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An academic pop star from Manchester is obsessed with dance music. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
An AGE vampire is angry about homophobia. He usually wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his colleague.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to an individual forest. He always carries a calculator. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a paranoid man from the moon who can only be seen it is full moon. He always wears an orange dress. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is an irritable man from Australia who can only be seen when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Mondays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a posh man from Denmark who can only speak when facing north. People often compare him to a posh meadow. He always carries a newspaper. On Mondays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is an inquiring man from a galaxy far, far away who can only speak it is full moon. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
NAME is a smug giant who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
An interesting teenager from Boston is obsessed with light sabres. He usually wears an orange dress. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a trendy man from The Philippines who can only smile when he is hungry. He has crazy, blue hair. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is particularly interested in learning to run a cheese factory.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was eleven. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle many years ago.
NAME is age. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Mondays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE physics student is angry about veganism. He usually wears body armour. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
An entertaining lawyer from Dublin is obsessed with zombies. He has hair like a horse's mane. He always carries a red cape. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
A happy doctor from Perth is obsessed with computers. He has hair like a horse's mane. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his neighbour.
NAME is a law-abiding man from Eastern Europe who can only walk when the weather is sunny. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is a young man from Washington who can only read after he has eaten toast. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. On Saturdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A good father from Sidney is obsessed with green vegetables. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a chatty forest. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A militant teenager from Australia is obsessed with films. He always wears body armour. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders. NAME is a snazzy man from Scotland who can only eat whilst balancing a rat on his head. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a walking stick. On Sundays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is an intelligent man from Indianapolis who can only sleep whilst balancing a rat on his head. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a brave man from Canada who can only sleep wearing a mask. He looks trustworthy. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from killer a tiger.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was seven. People often compare him to a smart dog. He always carries two phones. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a corny man from Washington who can only smile when the weather is snowy. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE father is angry about global warming. People often compare him to an arrogant mountain. He always carries a pistol. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
A loving man from Liverpool is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes sheep. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a snobby dentist who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a grey umbrella. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A passionate professor from Hull is obsessed with flamingos. He has beautiful, grey eyes. He always carries two phones. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is angry about pretty much everything. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his sister. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. An ambitious teenager from Manchester is obsessed with films. He always wears body armour. He always carries two phones. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was ten. He usually wears false eyebrows. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.

NAME is an honest man from Australia who can only laugh at night. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
A kind goblin from London is obsessed with light sabres. He has eyes like little planets. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
An ambitious painter from Glasgow is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE teenager is angry about politics. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a happy family. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is addicted to sword fighting. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is an individual writer who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries a newspaper. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.

A AGE man is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He has to save the world from global warming.
A lazy wizard from the moon is obsessed with dance music. People often compare him to a lazy meadow. He always carries a brown umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
An AGE manufacturer is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was eight. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A vulgar musician from Sidney is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE nurse is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He always wears a white dress. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE musician is angry about low-fat cheese. People often compare him to a colourful meadow. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears a white dress. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus. A AGE teenager is angry about vegetarianism. He looks old for his age. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a passionate clock. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has beautiful, orange eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He is particularly interested in finding a missing stone.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was thirteen. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes hippos. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He always wears dark glasses. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of killing his son. NAME is addicted to caffeine. He usually wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal passport.
NAME is a pessimistic man from India who can only drive after he has eaten pasties. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a rich family. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an introverted man from Bodmin who can only be seen when his pet mouse is in his pocket. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a newspaper. On Fridays, he likes to try and save the world.
A fine giant from Africa is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A AGE drama student is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was four. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A cute father from South America is obsessed with piano keys. He usually wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is a gentle entrepreneur who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE photographer is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was two. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
An interesting postal worker from Netherlands is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is an honest man who finds it hard to trust people. He has crazy, black hair. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a well-loved man from America who can only laugh when his pet parrot is in his pocket. He has beautiful, black eyes. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a fine man from Norway who can only smile when facing north. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. On Fridays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a terrible man from Hull who can only see after he has eaten toast. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
An adventurous teacher from England is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a magic bean. On Tuesdays, he likes to go jogging.
An AGE man is angry about violence on TV. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was two. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.

NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE teenager is angry about the recent jailing of his mother. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A calculating photographer from Western Europe is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An unlucky pianist from Northern America is obsessed with films. He usually wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. On Fridays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a cat. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
A AGE teenager is angry about veganism. He has eyes like the ocean. He comes from a happy family. On Thursdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a batty father who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a batty horse. He always carries toothpaste. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was nine. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a car. NAME is a gullible man from New Zealand who can only be seen when the weather is stormy. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a cow whilst abroad on holiday.
A AGE postal worker is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was twelve. He has crazy, blue hair. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a wolf.
NAME is an entertaining man from Northern America who can only smile when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.

NAME is an extroverted father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to an extroverted kangaroo. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is a merry man from Cambridge who can only drive when the weather is wet. People often compare him to a merry forest. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE singer is angry about low-fat cheese. People often compare him to an immature forest. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is particularly interested in solving murders.

NAME is an allusive author who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from an unhappy family. On Thursdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a boring wizard who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his partner.
NAME is addicted to poetry. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He always wears a grey shirt. He strongly dislikes his mother. On Wednesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a racist man from Truro who can only read after he has eaten a bagel. He has crazy, purple hair. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Thursdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE biology student is angry about vegetarianism. He has hair like a bird's nest. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a gentle merman who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
An outgoing psychology student from Plymouth is obsessed with aardvarks. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. On Thursdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE teenager is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He has eyes like saucers. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a radio show.
A silly father from Dallas is obsessed with goldfish. He looks smart. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
An AGE pianist is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is addicted to French. He has crazy, blue hair. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was thirteen. He has crazy, brown hair. He strongly dislikes his husband. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a colourful man from Birmingham who can only swim the moon is in Aquarius. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a fashionable programmer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries toothpaste. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a funny biology student who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
A AGE man is angry about homophobia. He always wears grey trousers. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is an honest chef who finds it hard to trust people. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A brave chef from Chicago is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a strict family. On Saturdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a naughty merman who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a happy family. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a creative horse. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a posh father who finds it hard to trust people. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a plane.
A AGE media studies student is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was one. People often compare him to an immature mountain. He always carries a tape measure. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has eyes like the ocean. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He has to save the world from killer a postal worker.
An academic teenager from Sweden is obsessed with zombies. He looks old for his age. He always carries a newspaper. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a homophobic professor who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He always wears body armour. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Sundays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is an enigmatic butcher who finds it hard to do the right thing. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
NAME is a prejudiced father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is an outgoing man from Venus who can only laugh wearing a mask. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a blue umbrella. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a funny man from Orlando who can only read after he has eaten a banana. He always wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a magical man from Europe who can only swim when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. He has a nose like a ski jump. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an academic teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a wand. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a paranoid man from Wales who can only dance wearing a mask. He always wears a white shirt. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE man is angry about zombies. He has lips like slugs. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a modest teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has eyes like fish bowls. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He is particularly interested in finding a missing stone.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was ten. Physically, he is built like a brick. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of vegetables.
NAME is a careless man from Chicago who can only fly when he is upside down. He looks approachable. He always carries a walking stick. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on national television.
A AGE receptionist is angry about parking. He has crazy, grey hair. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Sundays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks smart. He always carries a black cape. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments. NAME is an interesting man from Glasgow who can only laugh when facing north. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is addicted to social media. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a young father who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears false eyebrows. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on national television.
A AGE soldier is angry about veganism. He usually wears blue trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his felt pen collection.
A creative monarch from Seattle is obsessed with rap music. He always wears a black shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has crazy, black hair. He comes from a middle class family. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is angry about zombies. Physically, he is built like a brick. He strongly dislikes sheep. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was eight. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Wednesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a silly man from Perth who can only sleep after he has eaten cabbage. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't dance. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
NAME is a paranoid man from Sheffield who can only swim after he has eaten stawberry jam. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a poor family. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
NAME is an unkind man from San Francisco who can only see when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from a rich family. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is an irritable man from The Philippines who can only speak when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a sarcastic man from Dublin who can only dance when facing north. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was twelve. He has lips like slugs. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
An AGE werewolf is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was eight. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his girlfriend.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was six. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on national television.
A gullible soldier from Brisbane is obsessed with films. He has crazy, red hair. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was two. People often compare him to a sweet mountain. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was one. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
A AGE history student is angry about veganism. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE merman is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was eight. People often compare him to a geeky cow. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a cute chef who finds it hard to trust people. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his wife. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE postal worker is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a terrible father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has a nose like a beak. He always carries a calculator. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a caring manufacturer who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He usually wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
A AGE doctor is angry about pretty much everything. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.

NAME is a calculating soldier who finds it hard to trust people. He has hair like a bird's nest. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from killer a lion.
An AGE angel is angry about the recent jailing of his son. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
NAME is a terrible man from Toronto who can only fly when his pet rat is in his pocket. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a magic bean. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A fine teenager from outer space is obsessed with films. He always wears a red shirt. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was fourteen. He usually wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is an introverted man from Toronto who can only speak when he is upside down. People often compare him to an introverted wolf. He strongly dislikes his partner. He has been wrongly accused of killing his co-worker.
NAME is a creative father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has eyes like marbles. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a dishy teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He usually wears false teeth. He comes from a happy family. On Thursdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A corny teenager from Boston is obsessed with rap music. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a middle class family. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was three. He has eyes like crystals. He always carries multiple sandwiches. On Thursdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE werewolf is angry about his leaky teapot. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
NAME is an inquiring man from Glasgow who can only dance the sun is in Sagittarius. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was five. He looks old for his age. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE father is angry about racism. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is particularly interested in escaping from from a burning building.
An attractive librarian from Brisbane is obsessed with green vegetables. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is a prejudiced father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a tape measure. On Wednesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
An AGE software developer is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was eight. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a magical biology student who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a strict family. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an admired man from Venus who can only swim it is full moon. He looks exhausted. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was twelve. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an allusive lawyer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is a helpful teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has beautiful, pink eyes. He always carries a tape measure. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
A AGE chef is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was seven. People often compare him to a pessimistic statue. He always carries a magic bean. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
A strict vampire from Ireland is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries a walking stick. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his boyfriend.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was nine. He always wears a pink dress. He strongly dislikes anteaters. His purpose in life is to become a senior dentist.
A chatty zombie from outer space is obsessed with films. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE teacher is angry about his leaky teapot. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
A AGE teenager is angry about parking. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE painter is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was one. People often compare him to a reckless goldfish. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to become a senior nurse.
A AGE man is angry about low-fat cheese. He usually wears pink trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a disfigured solicitor who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears red trousers. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
A dishonest man from Atlanta is obsessed with chocolate. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. On Tuesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a fascinating teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
A AGE soldier is angry about global warming. He looks old for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has eyes like planets. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a careless man from Houston who can only smile by day. He has eyes like fish bowls. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an intelligent man from London who can only fly by day. People often compare him to an intelligent forest. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. His purpose in life is to become a senior surgeon.
NAME is a sweet vampire who finds it hard to trust people. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in escaping from from a burning building.
A strict werewolf from Eastern Europe is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a rich family. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is an inspiring man from New York who can only sleep when he is upside down. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. On Wednesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a terrible teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE wizard is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was eleven. People often compare him to a merry sheep. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was eleven. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a happy family. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is a pessimistic teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from a heavily religious family. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a snazzy man from Leeds who can only walk after he has eaten a bagel. People often compare him to a snazzy doll. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
An AGE chef is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was eleven. He has eyes like space rockets. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was fourteen. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about his leaky teapot. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from a troubled family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
A good man from London is obsessed with ghosts. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE shoemaker is angry about parking. People often compare him to an unkind forest. He always carries a tape measure. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to India. People often compare him to a funny clock. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE fishmonger is angry about parking. He always wears a purple dress. He always carries a pistol. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE teenager is angry about his leaky teapot. He always wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes his father. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is an irritable man from Plymouth who can only sleep wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
An easily-led father from Sweden is obsessed with light sabres. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes his wife. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a trendy doll. He always carries a tape measure. On Mondays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
A musical father from Africa is obsessed with computers. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a spontaneous man from Hull who can only laugh when he is upside down. He looks relatively fit. He always carries a purple umbrella. His purpose in life is to become a senior painter.
An AGE shoemaker is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was eight. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
A AGE pop star is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was seven. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE teenager is angry about homophobia. He always wears false teeth. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't fly. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus. A AGE teenager is angry about the recent jailing of his girlfriend. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE electrician is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was eleven. He looks approachable. He comes from a working class family. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
NAME is an enigmatic man from outer space who can only sleep when he is hungry. People often compare him to an enigmatic statue. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a xenophobic teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a paranoid man from New Zealand who can only dance when his pet rat is in his pocket. He usually wears false eyebrows. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread at gunpoint.
An AGE man is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. People often compare him to an introverted meadow. He always carries a wand. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A rude pop star from Perth is obsessed with light sabres. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries a tape measure. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a colourful history student who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a colourful sheep. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a disturbed French student who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has lips like little pillows. He always carries a purple cape. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He usually wears a PVC apron. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was two. He usually wears red trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about global warming. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE man is angry about xenophobia. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
NAME is an adventurous man from Ireland who can only eat the sun is in Pisces. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
A AGE teenager is angry about veganism. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A magical art student from Bristol is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Thursdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is an unkind surgeon who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A gentle entrepreneur from Perth is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a poor family. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is a conventional man from Brisbane who can only be seen at night. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
NAME is a mean man from New York who can only dance when he is upside down. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to outer space. He usually wears woolly clothes. He comes from a rich family. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is an invisible man from London who can only walk whilst balancing a skunk on his head. He has crazy, yellow hair. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was five. He has lips like pink cushions. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
NAME is a sweet man from Wales who can only eat when facing north. He has a nose like a button. He strongly dislikes his partner. He has to save the world from killer a tiger.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is particularly interested in escaping from rehab.
NAME is a hard-working man from Dublin who can only walk after he has eaten pasties. He has hair like a bird's nest. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. On Thursdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A stable teenager from Orlando is obsessed with films. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A dishy engineer from Manchester is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel at gunpoint.

A AGE software developer is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was thirteen. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal cabbage.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is a respectable builder who finds it hard to trust people. He has beautiful, black eyes. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE swimming instructor is angry about the recent jailing of his co-worker. People often compare him to a dishonest clock. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A nosy man from India is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears brown trousers. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
A AGE man is angry about being kept away from his colleague. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a tape measure. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. NAME is a militant man from Norway who can only be seen wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
An outgoing geography student from Birmingham is obsessed with films. He has hair like a shimmering river. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was ten. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a dishonest man who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from global warming.
An adventurous teenager from New Zealand is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries two phones. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a colourful man from Cambridge who can only drive when the weather is rainy. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. On Thursdays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE butcher is angry about the recent jailing of his mother. He has lips like slugs. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a dishy man from Western Europe who can only walk when he is hungry. He usually wears a brown shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
NAME is an unlucky man from Perth who can only laugh when the weather is icy. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
NAME is a naughty man from outer space who can only fly whilst balancing a skunk on his head. People often compare him to a naughty forest. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He always carries a wand. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing an ice cream whilst abroad on holiday.
NAME is a musical man from Toronto who can only see it is full moon. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
An extroverted swimming instructor from Germany is obsessed with flamingos. He looks young for his age. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in finding a missing shell.
NAME is a scheming man from Perth who can only sleep when the weather is stormy. He has a nose like a beak. He always carries a calculator. He has to save the world from killer a lion.
A AGE father is angry about noisy neighbours. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was six. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes his mother. On Wednesdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is a sceptical man from Scotland who can only drive when he is upside down. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an easily-led teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to an easily-led forest. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president on social media.
A AGE biology student is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was thirteen. He looks relatively fit. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in making pies out of paperclips.
An AGE shoemaker is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was one. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. His purpose in life is to become a senior fishmonger.
NAME is a bad man from Venus who can only be seen whilst balancing a bird on his head. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is particularly interested in making pies out of paperclips.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was seven. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A bad monarch from Phonix is obsessed with zombies. He always wears woolly clothes. He always carries a tape measure. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a reckless man from Dan Diego who can only read when the weather is rainy. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a green umbrella. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
NAME is addicted to surgery. Physically, he is built like a house. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a rude man from Phonix who can only smile whilst balancing a canary on his head. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a respectable man from England who can only read at night. He has lips like soft petals. He strongly dislikes his friend. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has beautiful, green eyes. He comes from a poor family. On Fridays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a rude man from Oxford who can only see at night. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a reckless man from Venus who can only sleep when he is hungry. He has a nose like a beak. He always carries a green umbrella. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is an unlucky man from Dallas who can only drive when he is upside down. He has beautiful, purple eyes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a smart man from Hull who can only laugh when facing north. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a car.
NAME is a wild man from England who can only see when he is hungry. He always wears woolly clothes. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a fascinating man from San Francisco who can only smile wearing a mask. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
NAME is a smart man from Europe who can only dance after he has eaten pasties. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is an unlucky carpenter who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
A AGE teenager is angry about being kept away from his wife. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE father is angry about low-fat cheese. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. On Tuesdays, he likes to count his money.
A AGE singer is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was thirteen. He has a nose like a button. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
A AGE father is angry about politics. He usually wears a white dress. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is addicted to Los Angeles. He has eyes like space rockets. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
A AGE giant is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was nine. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a caring man from South America who can only dance wearing a mask. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is an immature man from Washington who can only drive when the weather is rainy. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a newspaper. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to a snobby tree. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a careless man who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has eyes like gemstones. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE librarian is angry about pretty much everything. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a corny man from Wales who can only laugh the moon is in Libra. People often compare him to a corny puppy. He always carries toothpaste. He has been wrongly accused of killing his father.
NAME is an outspoken man from Birmingham who can only swim when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is particularly interested in finding a missing soldier.
NAME is a disfigured father who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries two phones. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
A AGE computer science student is angry about vegetarianism. People often compare him to a lazy tree. He strongly dislikes his brother. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A sarcastic writer from Birmingham is obsessed with goldfish. He usually wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is particularly interested in finding a missing sock.

A AGE carpenter is angry about politics. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
NAME is addicted to sword fighting. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. On Sundays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is addicted to media studies. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. On Mondays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is an outgoing man from Atlanta who can only fly when his pet skunk is in his pocket. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
An AGE swimming instructor is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was one. He looks approachable. He comes from a working class family. He is particularly interested in escaping from from a burning building.
NAME is an extroverted man from Western Europe who can only see at night. He has beautiful, green eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has been wrongly accused of killing his colleague.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A nosy teenager from Los Angeles is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is particularly interested in finding love.
An AGE wizard is angry about his football team losing. People often compare him to a colourful doll. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
A AGE superhero is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was nine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a fine man from Houston who can only dance wearing a mask. He looks smart. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a homophobic doctor who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries a calculator. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A young builder from Dallas is obsessed with light sabres. He has lips like slugs. He always carries a wand. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was two. People often compare him to a funny tree. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is an inspiring teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE shoemaker is angry about being kept away from his partner. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. On Tuesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to geography. He has eyes like gemstones. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A brash author from Plymouth is obsessed with envelopes. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a xenophobic man from Washington who can only be seen when he is hungry. He has eyes like marbles. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation.
NAME is a loyal man from Dublin who can only dance it is full moon. He usually wears woolly clothes. He comes from a rich family. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A kind doctor from Bodmin is obsessed with goldfish. People often compare him to a kind goldfish. He always carries toothpaste. He is particularly interested in listening to classical music.
A AGE fishmonger is angry about global warming. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. On Saturdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a polite man from London who can only see wearing a mask. He has eyes like the ocean. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is a lucky man from New Zealand who can only fly the moon is in Virgo. He has crazy, red hair. He always carries a white umbrella. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a vulgar dentist who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from a rich family. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. His purpose in life is to become a senior accountant.
A well-travelled pianist from San Francisco is obsessed with piano keys. He has a nose like a button. He comes from a poor family. On Sundays, he likes to count his money.
A AGE photographer is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was four. He looks young for his age. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't sleep. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his hat collection.
A law-abiding swimming instructor from Philadelphia is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to become a senior shop assistant.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a reckless cow. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is an enigmatic man from London who can only smile after he has eaten stawberry jam. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes unicorn. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was five. He has crazy, yellow hair. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't see. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
NAME is addicted to social media. He always wears a PVC apron. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing an ice cream.
NAME is an outspoken man from Sheffield who can only dance when facing north. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He has been wrongly accused of killing his brother.
NAME is a law-abiding man from New Zealand who can only see it is full moon. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a polite teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a caring man from a galaxy far, far away who can only be seen when facing north. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was fourteen. He usually wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a lorry.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was eight. He has eyes like planets. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A well-loved geography student from India is obsessed with rap music. He looks exhausted. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on social media.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks approachable. He comes from a strict family. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A reckless software developer from Edinburgh is obsessed with zombies. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to Philadelphia. People often compare him to a traditional hippo. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't see. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness. A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was one. He has eyes like little planets. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has eyes like saucers. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.

NAME is a brash man from Chicago who can only eat after he has eaten a banana. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries two phones. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
NAME is a naughty man from Norway who can only see when facing north. He has eyes like space rockets. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a cow.
A merry swimming instructor from Hull is obsessed with goldfish. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his partner.
A AGE French student is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was two. He has crazy, white hair. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past. NAME is an inspiring man from Denmark who can only dance when he is hungry. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
A AGE software developer is angry about his leaky teapot. He has eyes like crystals. He always carries a calculator. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is addicted to dating. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. On Thursdays, he likes to count his money.

An unkind man from New Zealand is obsessed with chocolate. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE anthropologist is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was nine. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. On Mondays, he likes to protest injustice.
A fine drama student from Norway is obsessed with dance music. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a cute man from Africa who can only fly wearing a mask. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He comes from a troubled family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A terrible pianist from Philadelphia is obsessed with envelopes. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a tape measure. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about homophobia. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is a forceful man from Dallas who can only eat after he has eaten a bagel. He has hair like a shimmering river. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
NAME is a gentle programmer who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a generous man from Germany who can only dance at night. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a merry man who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has crazy, brown hair. He comes from a middle class family. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A hard-working photographer from New York is obsessed with envelopes. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing an ice cream.
NAME is a posh man from Sweden who can only laugh by day. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a boring statue. He comes from a poor family. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a well-travelled teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has a nose like a button. He always carries a wand. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
NAME is a brave man from Truro who can only see when he is upside down. He usually wears woolly clothes. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE teacher is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was thirteen. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a grey umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal television.
An AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was two. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. On Thursdays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE manufacturer is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was one. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. On Fridays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is an invisible politician who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has crazy, brown hair. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A colourful singer from England is obsessed with dance music. He looks young for his age. He strongly dislikes his husband. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A caring werewolf from Truro is obsessed with zombies. He has hair like snakes. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An AGE author is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was fourteen. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE author is angry about the recent jailing of his wife. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a walking stick. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of other people.
A AGE superhero is angry about his leaky teapot. He usually wears false eyebrows. He comes from a troubled family. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a bad man who finds it hard to trust people. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
A AGE media studies student is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE librarian is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was three. He looks old for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car from a little old lady.
NAME is a pessimistic merman who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has hair like a troll's. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel in the dead of night.
A spontaneous postal worker from Canada is obsessed with chocolate. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A snobby history student from America is obsessed with piano keys. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes his mother. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A polite father from Dublin is obsessed with piano keys. He usually wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was three. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He strongly dislikes sheep. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things. NAME is a troubled shoemaker who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has crazy, blue hair. He comes from a happy family. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A lucky father from Washington is obsessed with rap music. He has hair like a shimmering river. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.

A AGE programmer is angry about vegetarianism. He has beautiful, grey eyes. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE teacher is angry about veganism. He has crazy, black hair. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He has been wrongly accused of killing his husband.
NAME is an old man from Glasgow who can only dance when facing north. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
NAME is a thoughtful man who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a strict family. On Sundays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE teenager is angry about his leaky teapot. He looks like he needs a good wash. He comes from a happy family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE geography student is angry about violence on TV. People often compare him to an individual statue. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An extroverted teenager from Melbourne is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a fascinating man from St Austell who can only walk by day. He usually wears a PVC apron. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
A AGE programmer is angry about rising taxes. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
NAME is a sleepy man from Toronto who can only swim when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an inquiring man from India who can only drive the sun is in Virgo. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries a newspaper. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was one. He usually wears woolly clothes. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE monarch is angry about his leaky teapot. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a middle class family. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a musical tree. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is a modest man from Glasgow who can only read when the weather is stormy. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was three. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. On Sundays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is age. He always carries a calculator. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was nine. He has hair like a horse's mane. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is addicted to Norway. He usually wears body armour. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An honest teenager from America is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes anteaters. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a disfigured man from Melbourne who can only speak when his pet canary is in his pocket. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his husband.
A AGE singer is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was ten. He has a nose like a button. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is a fine man from Venus who can only smile it is full moon. He usually wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is an unkind man from Wales who can only speak when he is hungry. People often compare him to an unkind wolf. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread at gunpoint.
A AGE nurse is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. People often compare him to a sleepy dog. He comes from a happy family. On Sundays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was five. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is a criminal man from South America who can only drive whilst balancing a gerbil on his head. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was ten. He has lips like little pillows. He always carries a wand. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation.
NAME is a nosy man from Houston who can only swim at night. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE father is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He looks young for his age. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
An outgoing man from Indianapolis is obsessed with light sabres. He has lips like slugs. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation.
NAME is a helpful man from New York who can only smile when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to get home.
A gullible teenager from the moon is obsessed with ghosts. He always wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a stable man from London who can only sleep when the weather is snowy. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
A shy wizard from Northern America is obsessed with piano keys. He usually wears false teeth. He always carries a newspaper. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a happy teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has a nose like a ski jump. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was one. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal potion.
NAME is a forceful man from Chicago who can only read whilst balancing a bird on his head. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a fashionable accountant who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A mystical father from London is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle whilst abroad on holiday.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation.
NAME is a passionate man from Los Angeles who can only swim when facing north. People often compare him to a passionate flamingo. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a kind professor who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has a nose like a ski jump. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Mondays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to Saturn. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. On Fridays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a corny man from Scotland who can only see when facing north. He has eyes like space rockets. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes unicorn. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE electrician is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He always wears grey trousers. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is age. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
An AGE librarian is angry about politics. He looks smart. He comes from a strict family. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a sweet teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He always wears false teeth. He always carries a green cape. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE superhero is angry about low-fat cheese. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to social media. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
A AGE physics student is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was two. He looks approachable. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a sarcastic man from Phonix who can only eat when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. People often compare him to a sarcastic mouse. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a good man from Australia who can only see when he is hungry. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes his son. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a cat.
NAME is an immature man from Boston who can only swim wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
NAME is an outgoing entrepreneur who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on social media.
A AGE giant is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was five. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
An AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was nine. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Thursdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is a paranoid man from Brisbane who can only fly when he is upside down. He looks smart. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE butcher is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was six. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
NAME is an allusive man who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is particularly interested in listening to classical music.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a troubled family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
A AGE farmer is angry about violence on TV. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a middle class family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his daughter.
NAME is a reckless man from Indianapolis who can only read by day. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
An old teenager from Dublin is obsessed with dance music. He usually wears dark glasses. He always carries a brown cape. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was thirteen. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a lorry.
A silly manufacturer from America is obsessed with films. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream many years ago.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Sundays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He usually wears woolly clothes. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is an assertive programmer who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes anteaters. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE man is angry about low-fat cheese. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is a rich geography student who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person into a volcano.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has a nose like a beak. He comes from a happy family. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was five. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal firearm.
A militant teenager from Dublin is obsessed with envelopes. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wooden spoon collection.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A shy singer from Bodmin is obsessed with light sabres. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of fruit.
NAME is a bad radiologist who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a bad doll. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a generous man from Liverpool who can only fly whilst balancing a parrot on his head. He usually wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is addicted to Germany. He has crazy, red hair. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
An extroverted pop star from The Philippines is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
NAME is a musical man from Oxford who can only fly when his pet ferret is in his pocket. He usually wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE electrician is angry about vegetarianism. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE dentist is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He has been wrongly accused of killing his son.
NAME is a cute man from Toronto who can only laugh when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE teenager is angry about rising taxes. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. On Sundays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a silly man from India who can only read after he has eaten marmalade. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was two. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a dishy man from Houston who can only swim it is full moon. He has crazy, white hair. He strongly dislikes his sister. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel in the dead of night.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He looks like he needs a good wash. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Sundays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a trendy man from Perth who can only laugh whilst balancing a skunk on his head. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a pistol. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
NAME is addicted to dancing. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes gazelle. His purpose in life is to become a senior nurse.
NAME is a prejudiced man who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks trustworthy. He always carries two phones. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
A AGE goblin is angry about global warming. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is addicted to sewing. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
A AGE soldier is angry about xenophobia. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was four. He always wears woolly clothes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE goblin is angry about global warming. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
A modest dentist from Norway is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a wand. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is an assertive man from England who can only dance when he is upside down. He usually wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is particularly interested in making pies out of bad people.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a strict family. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to poetry. He has lips like soft petals. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. On Saturdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is an interesting man from Philadelphia who can only see when he is upside down. He has lips like soft petals. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has a nose like a ski jump. He always carries a pistol. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
A careless pop star from New Zealand is obsessed with computers. He always wears a PVC apron. He always carries a tape measure. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a well-educated man from Scotland who can only eat the moon is in Aquarius. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. On Wednesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
An entertaining wizard from Mars is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to an entertaining doll. He always carries multiple sandwiches. On Sundays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE zombie is angry about global warming. He always wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to New York. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE postal worker is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was two. He has eyes like gemstones. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. On Sundays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE programmer is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was eleven. He usually wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a scheming man from Manchester who can only speak whilst balancing a ferret on his head. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE father is angry about low-fat cheese. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his fianc&eacute;.
An unstable swimming instructor from Eastern Europe is obsessed with rap music. He looks like he needs a good wash. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his partner.
A AGE librarian is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was nine. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
An AGE pianist is angry about the recent jailing of his wife. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a smart physics student who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has eyes like fish bowls. He strongly dislikes his partner. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread whilst abroad on holiday.
A AGE art student is angry about homophobia. He always wears woolly clothes. He always carries a wand. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an ambitious anthropologist who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a caring wizard who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is a criminal man from The Philippines who can only speak when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is a racist librarian who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A creative solicitor from Eastern Europe is obsessed with envelopes. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a law-abiding man from Houston who can only laugh when his pet skunk is in his pocket. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE man is angry about veganism. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal television.
An interesting man from Saturn is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a rich family. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an introverted teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
A respectable computer science student from Norway is obsessed with dance music. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a happy family. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a troubled man from Glasgow who can only read at night. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
An AGE spy is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was nine. He usually wears an orange shirt. He always carries a walking stick. On Tuesdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a boring French student who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a boring clock. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE nurse is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was four. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. On Wednesdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to running. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. His purpose in life is to become a senior solicitor.
NAME is an individual man from Dan Diego who can only eat it is full moon. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a silly man from Boston who can only fly when facing north. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He comes from a middle class family. On Thursdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A shy librarian from Washington is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a sweet postal worker who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He comes from a happy family. On Saturdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a disturbed man from Manchester who can only swim when his pet ferret is in his pocket. He has lips like soft petals. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a geeky man from America who can only read by day. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Saturdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a grumpy father who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has eyes like marbles. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
NAME is a rich geography student who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has hair like a horse's mane. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. On Wednesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is addicted to acting. He always wears body armour. He strongly dislikes hippos. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks smart. He comes from a broken family. On Fridays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a lazy man from San Francisco who can only eat when the weather is stormy. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a wild teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has crazy, black hair. He always carries a brown umbrella. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
A nosy shoemaker from Plymouth is obsessed with zombies. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE chef is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was eleven. He has beautiful, brown eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE builder is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was nine. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
A AGE werewolf is angry about xenophobia. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his girlfriend.
A AGE teenager is angry about parking. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a passionate father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a passionate cat. He comes from a middle class family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread from a little old lady.
NAME is a well-loved man from Scotland who can only read when the weather is fair. People often compare him to a well-loved chicken. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a gentle man from Brisbane who can only laugh when he is upside down. He has hair like a troll's. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE teenager is angry about the recent jailing of his neighbour. People often compare him to an academic doll. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to St Austell. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is an unlucky photographer who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has to save the world from killer a postal worker.
NAME is a chatty teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a desperate man from Northern America who can only eat when facing north. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A forceful shop assistant from Atlanta is obsessed with dance music. He has eyes like space rockets. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A cute shop assistant from Washington is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a cute kitten. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a dog.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has eyes like gemstones. He comes from a working class family. On Thursdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is addicted to Northern America. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE postal worker is angry about pretty much everything. He usually wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to become a senior electrician.
NAME is a nosy man from South America who can only walk by day. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE shop assistant is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was five. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is an inquiring man who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
A AGE teenager is angry about zombies. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is age. He always carries a grey cape. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE teenager is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He usually wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
An AGE man is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He usually wears a PVC apron. He always carries a tape measure. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kitten.
A AGE man is angry about politics. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a criminal man from Dallas who can only walk at night. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. On Mondays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has hair like a troll's. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is an unstable man from Sweden who can only fly after he has eaten a bagel. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE zombie is angry about veganism. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He always wears body armour. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is an adventurous photographer who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A traditional professor from South America is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An unlucky radiologist from Germany is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to an unlucky doll. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was eight. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is an assertive man from America who can only laugh when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. He has eyes like fish bowls. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a mystical media studies student who finds it hard to trust people. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE goblin is angry about violence on TV. He always wears purple trousers. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
A dishy giant from Birmingham is obsessed with rhinoceroses. He has eyes like crystals. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is particularly interested in finding a missing child.
NAME is addicted to computer science. He has hair like a horse's mane. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE man is angry about the recent jailing of his brother. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a tape measure. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a reckless man from Boston who can only eat by day. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a reckless man from Canada who can only eat when he is hungry. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has beautiful, black eyes. He strongly dislikes his colleague. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE wizard is angry about his football team losing. People often compare him to an ambitious mouse. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an unkind man from Wales who can only laugh when facing north. People often compare him to an unkind sheep. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
NAME is an introverted man from Seattle who can only fly when the weather is icy. He has eyes like the ocean. He strongly dislikes goldfish. On Sundays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE nurse is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
A wild teenager from Liverpool is obsessed with films. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a smug man from Western Europe who can only be seen whilst balancing a mouse on his head. He has eyes like planets. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. On Tuesdays, he likes to name small animals.
An AGE giant is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was six. He has eyes like gemstones. He always carries a brown cape. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his shoe collection.
A AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was two. He always wears white trousers. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was five. He has beautiful, white eyes. He always carries a calculator. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
NAME is a naughty man from The Philippines who can only walk the moon is in Leo. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal potion.
A AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was twelve. He always wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
A AGE accountant is angry about rising taxes. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities on social media.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was four. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A greedy physics student from Dallas is obsessed with ghosts. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of bad people.
A AGE history student is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was two. He usually wears a blue dress. He always carries a wand. On Saturdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was four. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He always carries a wand. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a rich French student who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE father is angry about veganism. People often compare him to a stable chicken. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car.
A AGE physics student is angry about the recent jailing of his partner. He always wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
An arrogant zombie from Cambridge is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A brave teenager from Perth is obsessed with films. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. His purpose in life is to get home.
A terrible father from New Zealand is obsessed with computers. He looks exhausted. He always carries multiple sandwiches. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE teacher is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
NAME is a polite man from Toronto who can only see when he is upside down. People often compare him to a polite hippo. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a criminal man from France who can only swim at night. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has to save the world from killer a tiger.
NAME is a racist teenager who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a heavily religious family. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A traditional professor from Australia is obsessed with rap music. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a working class family. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is addicted to campaigning. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A cute librarian from the moon is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He always wears false teeth. He always carries a tape measure. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
An AGE shop assistant is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was twelve. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is an invisible history student who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was twelve. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE dentist is angry about global warming. He always wears a red shirt. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An enigmatic father from Toronto is obsessed with piano keys. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a happy family. On Wednesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE accountant is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes hippos. On Thursdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries a newspaper. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a militant teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his wife. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a plane.
NAME is addicted to social media. He always wears false teeth. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in finding a missing stone.
NAME is a desperate butcher who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a desperate mouse. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a boring man from South America who can only laugh after he has eaten an orange. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow in the dead of night.
A AGE father is angry about global warming. He has crazy, red hair. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was six. He looks smart. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president in a blog post.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was nine. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from global warming.
A hard-working man from Norway is obsessed with dance music. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was six. He has hair like a troll's. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his friend.
A magical swimming instructor from Dan Diego is obsessed with zombies. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his friend. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a smug man from Europe who can only read when the weather is rainy. He looks approachable. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a cow.
An entertaining giant from South America is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a passionate man who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears a yellow dress. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't see. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is an outspoken man from Hull who can only see by day. He usually wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE teenager is angry about politics. He usually wears a PVC apron. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal television.
NAME is a fashionable butcher who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. On Mondays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a greedy French student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a terrible man from Manchester who can only dance wearing a mask. He usually wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
A AGE father is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a pistol. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to England. He looks approachable. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
A well-educated father from Dallas is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a well-educated mouse. He comes from a middle class family. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a troubled man from Sheffield who can only speak whilst balancing a parrot on his head. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is particularly interested in making pies out of vegetables.
NAME is a fascinating teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears pink trousers. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A magical builder from Eastern Europe is obsessed with green vegetables. He has lips like slugs. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a xenophobic man from Seattle who can only be seen after he has eaten marmalade. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An AGE giant is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was five. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes his daughter. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE programmer is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was twelve. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
A AGE dentist is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was four. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. On Thursdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is an outgoing man from Canada who can only sleep when the weather is hot. People often compare him to an outgoing forest. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about being kept away from his wife. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes his father. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a helpful father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes goldfish. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is an entertaining man from Birmingham who can only smile wearing a mask. People often compare him to an entertaining doll. He strongly dislikes his friend. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a disturbed author who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears a black dress. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE software developer is angry about parking. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a troubled family. On Mondays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was eight. He usually wears a black shirt. He always carries a wand. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
NAME is a desperate receptionist who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE psychology student is angry about being kept away from his friend. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders. NAME is a brave man from Toronto who can only laugh when the weather is blowy. People often compare him to a brave sheep. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to become a senior solicitor.
NAME is an extroverted man from Manchester who can only dance the moon is in Scorpio. He looks smart. He always carries a tape measure. His purpose in life is to become a senior pianist.

NAME is an outspoken zombie who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a brown cape. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a disturbed man from Eastern Europe who can only fly it is full moon. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a blue umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
NAME is a bad zombie who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears dark glasses. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a colourful man who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has eyes like saucers. He comes from a middle class family. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a loyal man from Africa who can only eat when he is hungry. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A boring teenager from San Francisco is obsessed with light sabres. He usually wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a conventional man from Sidney who can only dance when the weather is rainy. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an honest man who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to an honest meadow. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car.
NAME is an invisible programmer who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE man is angry about being kept away from his daughter. He looks exhausted. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is age. He always carries a yellow umbrella. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a careless man from Mars who can only dance wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was twelve. He looks smart. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a dishonest teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has lips like soft petals. He strongly dislikes flamingos. On Mondays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes his son. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
A AGE father is angry about zombies. He usually wears blue trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A young media studies student from San Francisco is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears a green shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
NAME is a racist man from Wales who can only see the moon is in Libra. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is an inquiring man from Bristol who can only walk by day. He usually wears a white dress. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
A funny chef from Orlando is obsessed with piano keys. He usually wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He has been wrongly accused of killing his partner.
An allusive goblin from Truro is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE vampire is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was five. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE vampire is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was five. People often compare him to a judgmental forest. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a dishy biology student who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has crazy, purple hair. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a caring chef who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has beautiful, orange eyes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is a homophobic man from Plymouth who can only laugh at night. He has hair like a troll's. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has crazy, purple hair. He always carries a grey umbrella. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has eyes like fish bowls. He always carries an orange cape. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
NAME is age. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was thirteen. He has hair like snakes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was fourteen. He always wears yellow trousers. He comes from a strict family. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A well-educated teenager from Atlanta is obsessed with zombies. He has eyes like the ocean. He always carries a tape measure. On Sundays, he likes to count his money.
An academic musician from Norway is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a wand. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
NAME is a spontaneous man from Northern America who can only see it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries a grey cape. On Mondays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is an inspiring politician who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a trendy man from Netherlands who can only be seen when facing north. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. On Thursdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE history student is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was two. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a traditional father who finds it hard to do the right thing. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on local radio.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes gazelle. On Mondays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE singer is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was thirteen. He usually wears woolly clothes. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
A AGE teacher is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. People often compare him to a musical mountain. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of killing his friend.
A AGE giant is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was eight. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a cute man from Scotland who can only speak when facing north. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in escaping from hospital.
NAME is addicted to Melbourne. He usually wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. On Wednesdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is an unlucky father who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has beautiful, orange eyes. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a sarcastic man from St Austell who can only speak after he has eaten toast. He has a nose like a beak. He strongly dislikes his partner. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A creative werewolf from Germany is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes his friend. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a wild man from Eastern Europe who can only smile when facing north. He usually wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A kind nurse from Bristol is obsessed with piano keys. He has beautiful, white eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel at gunpoint.
A AGE teenager is angry about the recent jailing of his father. He has lips like soft petals. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
NAME is a rude chef who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a strict family. On Thursdays, he likes to count his money.
An arrogant superhero from Los Angeles is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears woolly clothes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a criminal man from Saturn who can only laugh when he is upside down. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his wife. He has to save the world from killer a postal worker.
NAME is age. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is a hard-working manufacturer who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has beautiful, pink eyes. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
A brash fishmonger from Dublin is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a respectable teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a broken family. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
An AGE entrepreneur is angry about being kept away from his friend. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was three. He always wears a white shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
An AGE father is angry about rising taxes. He usually wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Sundays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE builder is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries a purple umbrella. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE pop star is angry about veganism. He has a nose like a button. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a nosy man from Denmark who can only be seen when he is hungry. He has beautiful, brown eyes. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a calculating man from Edinburgh who can only swim after he has eaten carrots. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a rich family. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He always wears false eyebrows. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal television.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a wand. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A modest father from Dallas is obsessed with envelopes. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is a young man from San Francisco who can only be seen the moon is in Pisces. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A colourful carpenter from Mars is obsessed with light sabres. He looks old for his age. He comes from an unhappy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his boyfriend.
A generous zombie from Toronto is obsessed with chocolate. People often compare him to a generous kangaroo. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was eight. He always wears body armour. He strongly dislikes hippos. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to surgery. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a homophobic superhero who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE physics student is angry about politics. He looks young for his age. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a batty man from New Zealand who can only eat when the weather is icy. He usually wears a yellow dress. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE lawyer is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was two. Physically, he is built like a house. He comes from a strict family. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was ten. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a colourful author who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to a colourful giraffe. He comes from a middle class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to video games. He always wears a purple shirt. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE swimming instructor is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was six. He always wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
NAME is a scheming man from Canada who can only speak it is full moon. He usually wears purple trousers. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a cow.
NAME is a bad programmer who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a bad mountain. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to biology. He usually wears an orange dress. He strongly dislikes his son. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a law-abiding statue. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a geeky man from Canada who can only be seen whilst balancing a skunk on his head. He always wears woolly clothes. He comes from a broken family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a respectable man from Denmark who can only smile when he is upside down. He always wears a PVC apron. He always carries a calculator. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is angry about his leaky teapot. People often compare him to an old wolf. He comes from a broken family. On Sundays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE French student is angry about his football team losing. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a batty anthropologist who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A snazzy radiologist from Oxford is obsessed with zombies. He has eyes like saucers. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE monarch is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was nine. He has eyes like planets. He comes from a working class family. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails. NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
A AGE anthropologist is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was seven. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a troubled family. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE man is angry about pretty much everything. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
An AGE computer science student is angry about noisy neighbours. He has a nose like a button. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
A AGE merman is angry about pretty much everything. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE man is angry about his leaky teapot. He has crazy, green hair. He always carries a calculator. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A naughty postal worker from Venus is obsessed with dance music. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes goldfish. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is an admired man from St Austell who can only drive by day. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a loyal sheep. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle whilst abroad on holiday.

NAME is a sarcastic teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears false teeth. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE shop assistant is angry about being kept away from his neighbour. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. His purpose in life is to become a senior shop assistant.
NAME is a young man from New Zealand who can only drive at night. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries a white cape. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is an extroverted teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from killer a snake.
NAME is an invisible butcher who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has crazy, black hair. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is an immature man from Philadelphia who can only drive wearing a mask. People often compare him to an immature meadow. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
A AGE farmer is angry about his football team losing. Physically, he is built like a cat. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a silly man from St Austell who can only dance when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries a calculator. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
NAME is addicted to Chicago. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A strict geography student from Africa is obsessed with computers. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a troubled family. On Thursdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a thoughtful man from South America who can only see wearing a mask. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was seven. He always wears a green shirt. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
A well-travelled teenager from Ireland is obsessed with computers. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't swim. He has to save the world from killer a duck.
A AGE superhero is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was nine. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE radiologist is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was eleven. He has crazy, white hair. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
An AGE dentist is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was ten. People often compare him to a spontaneous statue. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. On Mondays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is a lazy man from Denmark who can only dance when the weather is blowy. He has beautiful, brown eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
An attractive superhero from Wales is obsessed with light sabres. He has crazy, grey hair. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
NAME is a fine man from Los Angeles who can only see when his pet canary is in his pocket. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car.
NAME is an academic butcher who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to an academic mountain. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a snazzy psychology student who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He usually wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. On Tuesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a militant man from Washington who can only sleep whilst balancing a gerbil on his head. He always wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He always wears body armour. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE media studies student is angry about being kept away from his mother. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE anthropologist is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was four. He looks old for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
A funny butcher from Brisbane is obsessed with rap music. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't sleep. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
A AGE father is angry about low-fat cheese. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is addicted to history. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries a tape measure. On Sundays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is addicted to dating. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a conventional man from Australia who can only read when he is upside down. He has beautiful, brown eyes. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A snobby teenager from The Philippines is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a stick. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
A helpful spy from Bristol is obsessed with hippos. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. His purpose in life is to become a senior doctor.
NAME is a lazy man from St Austell who can only be seen at night. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow whilst abroad on holiday.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A shy man from Leeds is obsessed with green vegetables. He has eyes like marbles. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. His purpose in life is to become a senior superhero.
A well-educated man from Liverpool is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a tape measure. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was thirteen. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
A AGE author is angry about noisy neighbours. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a horse.
A AGE writer is angry about being kept away from his boyfriend. People often compare him to a merry tree. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
An entertaining fishmonger from Eastern Europe is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. On Sundays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a mystical farmer who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to a mystical kangaroo. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was one. He has crazy, white hair. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a tape measure. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a hard-working man from Truro who can only see it is full moon. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a walking stick. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE pop star is angry about homophobia. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
NAME is a loyal man from Africa who can only read when the weather is blowy. He has beautiful, white eyes. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. On Fridays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE zombie is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was nine. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a careless man from the moon who can only see when his pet canary is in his pocket. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a newspaper. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He always wears blue trousers. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
A brave author from Plymouth is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to a brave meadow. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE author is angry about zombies. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes his mother. On Tuesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is an arrogant man from Manchester who can only sleep by day. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
A AGE teenager is angry about the recent jailing of his wife. He has crazy, pink hair. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A musical teenager from England is obsessed with zombies. He has lips like little pillows. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE angel is angry about politics. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes goldfish. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
An unstable father from Leeds is obsessed with films. Physically, he is built like a cat. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A loving French student from Sweden is obsessed with ghosts. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Wednesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A good father from Glasgow is obsessed with envelopes. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. On Mondays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE teenager is angry about rising taxes. People often compare him to a strict mountain. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a creative man from Truro who can only speak wearing a mask. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE biology student is angry about violence on TV. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his father. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE chef is angry about racism. He has a nose like a ski jump. He comes from a broken family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a calculating postal worker who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has a nose like a button. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. On Wednesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a judgmental tree. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks smart. He always carries a yellow umbrella. He is particularly interested in finding a missing shell.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was one. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from global warming.
A musical man from Chicago is obsessed with light sabres. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to psychology. He always wears a brown shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a hippo.
A AGE photographer is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was fourteen. He has beautiful, white eyes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in listening to classical music.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a loving mountain. He always carries a pistol. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal cabbage.
A AGE entrepreneur is angry about pretty much everything. People often compare him to a bossy statue. He always carries a red cape. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is age. He always carries a walking stick. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
A AGE French student is angry about violence on TV. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A nosy dentist from Birmingham is obsessed with computers. He has beautiful, green eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He is particularly interested in finding a missing ring.
A fashionable teenager from Sweden is obsessed with films. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to Birmingham. He usually wears a red shirt. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car.
NAME is a kind media studies student who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was ten. He usually wears a blue dress. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stapler collection.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a musical man from Manchester who can only drive at night. People often compare him to a musical doll. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
A AGE father is angry about racism. He has eyes like little planets. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is particularly interested in finding a missing sock.
A naughty man from Bodmin is obsessed with envelopes. He has a nose like a ski jump. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
An AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was six. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of other people.
NAME is a pessimistic man from Plymouth who can only fly at night. He looks exhausted. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
NAME is a creative man from New Zealand who can only walk it is full moon. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president on local radio.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a broken family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is an inquiring father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to an inquiring sheep. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a cute photographer who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. On Mondays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a xenophobic man from Europe who can only sleep by day. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't swim. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is a modest man from Chicago who can only dance when he is upside down. He has hair like a troll's. He comes from a happy family. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE man is angry about being kept away from his neighbour. Physically, he is built like a stick. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person into a volcano.
NAME is addicted to computer science. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a chatty man from Plymouth who can only smile when facing north. He always wears body armour. He always carries a green cape. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was eleven. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
NAME is an invisible man from outer space who can only drive it is full moon. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about veganism. He looks smart. He always carries a purple cape. He has to save the world from killer a lion.
A AGE computer science student is angry about his football team losing. He has crazy, black hair. He always carries a black umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal firearm.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has eyes like gemstones. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his daughter.
An irritable teenager from The Philippines is obsessed with chocolate. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A funny teenager from Edinburgh is obsessed with films. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries two phones. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE teenager is angry about his leaky teapot. He always wears grey trousers. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Saturdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks exhausted. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was one. He has crazy, brown hair. He always carries a wand. He is particularly interested in escaping from from a burning building.
NAME is attached to a machine. He usually wears body armour. He always carries a pistol. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a scheming man from Netherlands who can only smile whilst balancing a skunk on his head. He usually wears grey trousers. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE spy is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was five. He always wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from global warming.
A grumpy vampire from Western Europe is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wooden spoon collection.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
NAME is addicted to sewing. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his insect collection.
NAME is age. He always carries a newspaper. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a well-travelled man from England who can only walk wearing a mask. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE chef is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He always wears an orange dress. He always carries a tape measure. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
NAME is a brash swimming instructor who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a brash statue. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE librarian is angry about global warming. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a boring wizard who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. On Thursdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a brave man from Africa who can only laugh it is full moon. He has beautiful, brown eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A gullible pianist from Cambridge is obsessed with dance music. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
NAME is a homophobic teenager who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was four. He usually wears body armour. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes goldfish. On Thursdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a black cape. On Wednesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE painter is angry about being kept away from his colleague. He always wears a yellow shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He usually wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He is particularly interested in finding a missing shell.
NAME is age. He always carries a calculator. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE man is angry about his leaky teapot. He always wears a pink shirt. He always carries toothpaste. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE geography student is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An AGE butcher is angry about homophobia. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. On Sundays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE man is angry about zombies. He has crazy, white hair. He comes from a rich family. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a reckless geography student who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has lips like soft petals. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
A AGE wizard is angry about zombies. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries an orange umbrella. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A sweet teenager from Leeds is obsessed with dance music. People often compare him to a sweet kangaroo. He comes from a happy family. On Tuesdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a traditional teacher who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Sundays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was nine. People often compare him to a rich hippo. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. On Saturdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears a white dress. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is an intelligent man from a galaxy far, far away who can only smile after he has eaten an orange. People often compare him to an intelligent clock. He strongly dislikes his wife. On Saturdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a trendy man from Scotland who can only smile wearing a mask. He usually wears green trousers. He always carries a wand. His purpose in life is to become a senior anthropologist.
An AGE French student is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was two. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a happy family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to rapping. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to protect others.
An unlucky teenager from Norway is obsessed with light sabres. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Wednesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A thoughtful painter from South America is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a thoughtful aardvark. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is a prejudiced man from Saturn who can only eat by day. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A criminal man from Melbourne is obsessed with films. He has hair like a shimmering river. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
A AGE wizard is angry about rising taxes. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a purple umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A shy shoemaker from Dublin is obsessed with ghosts. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in making pies out of paperclips. A AGE physics student is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
An AGE pianist is angry about parking. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a bad man from the moon who can only drive wearing a mask. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes anteaters. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a magical chef who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE father is angry about low-fat cheese. People often compare him to a good doll. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was five. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on social media.
NAME is addicted to Birmingham. People often compare him to a reckless dog. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
A AGE biology student is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was eight. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE computer science student is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was six. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his felt pen collection.
NAME is an invisible man from Scotland who can only be seen when his pet rat is in his pocket. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is particularly interested in escaping from enemy troops.
NAME is a careless farmer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A scheming teacher from Philadelphia is obsessed with light sabres. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a desperate father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Thursdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A trendy man from Venus is obsessed with anteaters. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE electrician is angry about being kept away from his girlfriend. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was nine. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a lazy tree. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car.
NAME is a fashionable man from Africa who can only smile wearing a mask. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries toothpaste. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow at gunpoint. NAME is a xenophobic man from Australia who can only see when facing north. He looks approachable. He always carries multiple sandwiches. On Sundays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a creative man from Hull who can only sleep by day. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a calculator. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He looks relatively fit. He always carries toothpaste. On Saturdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a sceptical statue. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A passionate painter from Wales is obsessed with green vegetables. He has crazy, red hair. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a vulgar man from Toronto who can only sleep when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. He usually wears a PVC apron. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has crazy, green hair. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE computer science student is angry about vegetarianism. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is an unkind man from Oxford who can only dance by day. He always wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A homophobic man from Norway is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like a house. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
NAME is addicted to Atlanta. He looks smart. He comes from a rich family. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a militant man from Atlanta who can only eat when his pet canary is in his pocket. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a prejudiced man from Orlando who can only read when he is upside down. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a grumpy man from Atlanta who can only speak when his pet canary is in his pocket. He has hair like a bird's nest. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a lorry.
NAME is a smug man from Norway who can only dance when facing north. People often compare him to a smug cat. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person into a volcano.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a broken family. On Fridays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a law-abiding man from Atlanta who can only see when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE chef is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was eleven. People often compare him to a bossy horse. He always carries a grey umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
A conventional painter from Sidney is obsessed with hippos. He usually wears a pink shirt. He strongly dislikes his husband. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.

A AGE angel is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was twelve. He has hair like a bird's nest. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. His purpose in life is to become a senior surgeon.
A polite solicitor from America is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks old for his age. He always carries a brown cape. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a helpful butcher who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has eyes like fish bowls. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE manufacturer is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was fourteen. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a mystical man from Venus who can only swim when facing north. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person into a volcano.
NAME is a chatty man from South America who can only walk at night. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his friend.

An extroverted accountant from Plymouth is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A magical surgeon from Melbourne is obsessed with rap music. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a caring man from Netherlands who can only laugh wearing a mask. He always wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
NAME is a greedy nurse who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has eyes like gemstones. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is addicted to hopping. He has beautiful, green eyes. He comes from a troubled family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his neighbour.
NAME is a loving goblin who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
NAME is an irritable man from Ireland who can only eat it is full moon. He has eyes like gemstones. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A troubled media studies student from America is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a reckless man from Eastern Europe who can only fly it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his sister. On Thursdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a careless teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He usually wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from rising sea levels. NAME is a paranoid man from Atlanta who can only smile after he has eaten toast. He has a nose like a beak. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a snazzy man from Dan Diego who can only walk when the weather is hot. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a bossy man from Europe who can only dance wearing a mask. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
NAME is an arrogant man from Atlanta who can only eat when the weather is hot. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a blue umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
A racist man from Scotland is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to a racist clock. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A calculating physics student from Eastern Europe is obsessed with films. He has lips like slugs. He strongly dislikes his wife. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is age. He always carries a magic bean. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal book.
A AGE electrician is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was three. He has a nose like a beak. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
NAME is a racist man from Manchester who can only sleep the sun is in Capricorn. He has eyes like fish bowls. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
A conventional carpenter from New York is obsessed with films. He has crazy, white hair. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is a fine man from Western Europe who can only laugh it is full moon. People often compare him to a fine hippo. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of other people.
A AGE software developer is angry about the recent jailing of his brother. He usually wears false eyebrows. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to become a senior biology student.
A AGE soldier is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was thirteen. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
NAME is a stable man from a galaxy far, far away who can only speak by day. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A AGE swimming instructor is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was thirteen. He has lips like slugs. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a passionate spy who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries toothpaste. He is particularly interested in listening to classical music.
NAME is an outgoing man from Phonix who can only read wearing a mask. He has crazy, red hair. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
A AGE writer is angry about politics. He has beautiful, pink eyes. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal television.
A AGE carpenter is angry about low-fat cheese. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a troubled family. He has to save the world from killer a lion.
An entertaining receptionist from Mars is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. On Wednesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a forceful man from India who can only eat when he is upside down. He usually wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE zombie is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was eight. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
A polite author from St Austell is obsessed with zombies. He always wears a PVC apron. He always carries a magic bean. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
NAME is an outspoken fishmonger who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has hair like a bird's nest. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal dog.
NAME is addicted to acting. People often compare him to a gullible sheep. He always carries toothpaste. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was twelve. People often compare him to a smart doll. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a flamingo.
NAME is a kind man from Oxford who can only see the moon is in Venus. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a bicycle from a little old lady.
NAME is addicted to Hull. He looks relatively fit. He always carries two phones. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
NAME is an attractive drama student who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to an attractive hippo. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a sweet man from South America who can only smile wearing a mask. People often compare him to a sweet forest. He always carries a green cape. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a colourful man who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of fruit.
NAME is an arrogant butcher who finds it hard to trust people. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
NAME is addicted to physics. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a magic bean. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a generous man from Melbourne who can only walk the moon is in Sagittarius. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a strict family. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A sarcastic teenager from Eastern Europe is obsessed with zombies. He looks smart. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his friend.
A traditional geography student from Houston is obsessed with light sabres. He has lips like slugs. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't swim. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a geeky man from Sweden who can only be seen whilst balancing a canary on his head. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Tuesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a troubled family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was three. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes his husband. His purpose in life is to become a senior entrepreneur.
NAME is a gentle man from Netherlands who can only sleep at night. He has crazy, grey hair. He comes from a middle class family. On Thursdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A magical dentist from Bodmin is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a stick. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is age. He comes from a happy family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a loyal man from Brisbane who can only laugh wearing a mask. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An individual French student from Ireland is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his co-worker.
A merry media studies student from Manchester is obsessed with dance music. He has lips like pink cushions. He always carries a grey cape. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE electrician is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was six. He has hair like a troll's. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to Indianapolis. He has lips like slugs. He always carries a newspaper. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a yellow cape. His purpose in life is to get home.
A sweet soldier from Indianapolis is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was six. He always wears grey trousers. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has hair like a bird's nest. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on social media.
A AGE builder is angry about his leaky teapot. He has lips like little pillows. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Sundays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is addicted to Africa. He has crazy, white hair. He comes from an unhappy family. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A modest teenager from Oxford is obsessed with zombies. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
A AGE zombie is angry about parking. He looks smart. He always carries a red umbrella. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He usually wears a white shirt. He always carries a wand. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.

NAME is an introverted man from London who can only swim when his pet parrot is in his pocket. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes gazelle. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE painter is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was five. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a fashionable man from St Austell who can only be seen when he is hungry. He has a nose like a ski jump. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a modest man who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes his father. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is addicted to Hull. Physically, he is built like a stick. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is an invisible man from Germany who can only drive at night. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to acting. He usually wears body armour. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
A strict man from Australia is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a strict doll. He always carries toothpaste. On Thursdays, he likes to go jogging. NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to an unlucky forest. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an honest man from Australia who can only walk when facing north. He has hair like a bird's nest. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is an unkind teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has lips like slugs. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has hair like a bird's nest. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an unstable man from New York who can only smile when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from killer a duck.
A strict teenager from The Philippines is obsessed with ghosts. He always wears body armour. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a dishy man from The Philippines who can only laugh when his pet rat is in his pocket. He has eyes like crystals. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
A AGE doctor is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was fourteen. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to Mars. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a magic bean. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
A AGE teenager is angry about his football team losing. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries toothpaste. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
A sarcastic author from Birmingham is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a sarcastic kitten. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.

A AGE writer is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was four. He always wears a purple dress. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a geeky man from Cambridge who can only read when the weather is wet. He has eyes like crystals. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE angel is angry about parking. He has lips like pink cushions. He strongly dislikes his father. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a gentle man from Boston who can only fly whilst balancing a canary on his head. He always wears body armour. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a wild teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a wild hippo. He always carries a pistol. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE father is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
A AGE receptionist is angry about zombies. He always wears a PVC apron. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.
NAME is a forceful man from Hull who can only dance after he has eaten stawberry jam. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
A AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was one. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Sundays, he likes to cut his toenails.
An adventurous radiologist from Bodmin is obsessed with rap music. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has been wrongly accused of killing his partner.
NAME is addicted to social media. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. On Tuesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A mean soldier from a galaxy far, far away is obsessed with rap music. He looks relatively fit. He always carries a yellow cape. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE teenager is angry about veganism. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries a magic bean. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A AGE pop star is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was thirteen. People often compare him to a dishonest tree. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a scheming man from Norway who can only fly after he has eaten pasties. He has beautiful, green eyes. He always carries a pistol. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to America. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries two phones. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of bad people.
An AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was three. He has hair like a bird's nest. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE accountant is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was three. He has crazy, purple hair. He always carries toothpaste. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was thirteen. He looks trustworthy. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is an unlucky goblin who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has hair like a shimmering river. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a brash physics student who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. On Thursdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A generous surgeon from Cambridge is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a generous horse. He comes from a working class family. On Saturdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a well-travelled author who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He always wears a pink dress. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He has to save the world from killer a zombie.
A AGE giant is angry about pretty much everything. He usually wears a black shirt. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Thursdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is an allusive man from Atlanta who can only see when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his fianc&eacute;.
NAME is a homophobic man from Sidney who can only smile when he is hungry. He always wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. On Fridays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is an admired man from Perth who can only laugh the moon is in Aquarius. He usually wears blue trousers. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a respectable swimming instructor who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his husband. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE solicitor is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his mother. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his mother. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A musical history student from Phonix is obsessed with dance music. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a militant man from Bodmin who can only sleep after he has eaten toast. He always wears dark glasses. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
An irritable physics student from Dallas is obsessed with piano keys. He looks young for his age. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his daughter.
An AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a loyal man from Boston who can only swim by day. People often compare him to a loyal puppy. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is age. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from killer a sponge.
A law-abiding surgeon from Ireland is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a magic bean. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is a dishy giant who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has beautiful, grey eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
NAME is a colourful werewolf who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks exhausted. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
A AGE software developer is angry about pretty much everything. Physically, he is built like a truck. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has beautiful, orange eyes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
A AGE software developer is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was twelve. He has eyes like planets. He always carries toothpaste. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel from a little old lady.
An AGE swimming instructor is angry about homophobia. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a good man from Atlanta who can only laugh by day. He has lips like soft petals. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A colourful werewolf from Philadelphia is obsessed with zombies. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a wolf.
NAME is a silly man from Ireland who can only sleep when he is hungry. He always wears skimpy clothes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal passport.
NAME is addicted to social media. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a rich family. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE carpenter is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was fourteen. He always wears a pink dress. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of fruit.
A racist manufacturer from Northern Europe is obsessed with piano keys. He usually wears a white dress. He always carries a wand. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a calculating zombie who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
NAME is a colourful man from Truro who can only walk when his pet rat is in his pocket. He has crazy, pink hair. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE goblin is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. Physically, he is built like a stick. He always carries a magic bean. On Thursdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE receptionist is angry about the recent jailing of his boyfriend. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a horse.
NAME is an attractive man from San Francisco who can only fly when he is hungry. He always wears a PVC apron. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is age. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a musical man from a galaxy far, far away who can only eat whilst balancing a mouse on his head. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes goldfish. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a law-abiding man from the moon who can only speak when he is hungry. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his brother.
NAME is a funny father who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president on social media.
NAME is a batty software developer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears a green dress. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a disturbed man from Norway who can only speak the moon is in Leo. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a silly builder who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE carpenter is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was five. He has a nose like a ski jump. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a hard-working father who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from a middle class family. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
A AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't fly. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a loving goblin who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE postal worker is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a rich cow. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A AGE engineer is angry about pretty much everything. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread from a little old lady.
A judgmental giant from Los Angeles is obsessed with light sabres. He has crazy, blue hair. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
NAME is a rude man from Boston who can only laugh by day. He has crazy, orange hair. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on social media.
NAME is a gullible father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries a yellow umbrella. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is an interesting man from Venus who can only be seen whilst balancing a rabbit on his head. People often compare him to an interesting statue. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE teenager is angry about zombies. People often compare him to a smart flamingo. He always carries a pistol. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on national television.
An individual anthropologist from Phonix is obsessed with dance music. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
NAME is an enigmatic computer science student who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has crazy, green hair. He always carries a black cape. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is a nosy man from New York who can only sleep the sun is in Capricorn. People often compare him to a nosy doll. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
NAME is an inspiring man from Scotland who can only swim whilst balancing a mouse on his head. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a vulgar man from Indianapolis who can only fly when facing north. He has eyes like saucers. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He is particularly interested in listening to classical music.
NAME is attached to a machine. He usually wears body armour. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
An AGE father is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He has eyes like crystals. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
NAME is a fine man from England who can only drive it is full moon. People often compare him to a fine mountain. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is addicted to Saturn. He has beautiful, black eyes. He always carries a grey umbrella. On Fridays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE wizard is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He always wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is a smug man from Plymouth who can only see after he has eaten a bagel. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
An unlucky father from Liverpool is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kitten.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was four. He has crazy, orange hair. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to video games. He usually wears dark glasses. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a snobby man from Canada who can only dance by day. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a broken family. On Thursdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was nine. People often compare him to a young doll. He comes from a strict family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his husband.
NAME is a troubled man from Seattle who can only walk the moon is in Capricorn. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. He is particularly interested in finding a missing stone.
NAME is a silly teenager who finds it hard to trust people. He has a nose like a beak. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Tuesdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a naughty man from Liverpool who can only sleep when the weather is sunny. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A shy teenager from Toronto is obsessed with dance music. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. On Fridays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a middle class family. On Thursdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE shop assistant is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was eleven. He always wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a posh man from Dallas who can only be seen the moon is in Leo. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
A polite man from Liverpool is obsessed with green vegetables. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness. NAME is addicted to social media. He usually wears grey trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a wild father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks smart. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on national television.

A AGE drama student is angry about zombies. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries a red cape. On Wednesdays, he likes to kill bad guys. A AGE angel is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was eleven. People often compare him to a young kitten. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his husband. NAME is a careless father who finds it hard to trust people. He has eyes like planets. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes gazelle. On Thursdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. On Saturdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a young man who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears a PVC apron. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE nurse is angry about noisy neighbours. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. On Mondays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is addicted to physics. He has eyes like marbles. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. On Fridays, he likes to protest injustice.

A magical teenager from Sidney is obsessed with dance music. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a thoughtful man from Los Angeles who can only read when facing north. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an outspoken man from San Francisco who can only sleep whilst balancing a rat on his head. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is an interesting man from Saturn who can only swim by day. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a middle class family. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.

A AGE swimming instructor is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A happy giant from New Zealand is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a poor family. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
An AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was nine. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a kind father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a middle class family. On Thursdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries two phones. On Wednesdays, he likes to name small animals.
A greedy giant from Norway is obsessed with light sabres. He has beautiful, green eyes. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
An interesting teenager from Indianapolis is obsessed with piano keys. He usually wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes anteaters. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is addicted to video games. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a snazzy man from Oxford who can only swim it is full moon. He has eyes like marbles. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is a vulgar man from South America who can only read the moon is in Pisces. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car.
A AGE man is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He usually wears blue trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE professor is angry about homophobia. He looks smart. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an academic man from St Austell who can only swim after he has eaten sausages. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to campaigning. He always wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. His purpose in life is to get home.
A fascinating entrepreneur from Oxford is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a fascinating flamingo. He always carries a newspaper. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a rich man from Truro who can only dance the sun is in Aquarius. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an unstable man from Scotland who can only dance after he has eaten toast. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a strict family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE teenager is angry about zombies. He always wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. NAME is a mean man from Northern America who can only walk when facing north. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
NAME is a lucky man from Hull who can only dance whilst balancing a skunk on his head. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a tape measure. On Saturdays, he likes to kill bad guys. A AGE superhero is angry about veganism. He has beautiful, black eyes. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
A well-travelled software developer from Mars is obsessed with computers. People often compare him to a well-travelled meadow. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
An AGE carpenter is angry about rising taxes. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a fascinating man from Western Europe who can only be seen whilst balancing a gerbil on his head. He usually wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. His purpose in life is to get home.

NAME is a smug teacher who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a smug cat. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE teenager is angry about global warming. He has hair like snakes. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is an assertive man from Norway who can only walk wearing a mask. He looks smart. He always carries a magic bean. On Mondays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a chatty cow. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. On Thursdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a bad man from Orlando who can only see whilst balancing a gerbil on his head. He has crazy, blue hair. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to protect others.

A brave lawyer from St Austell is obsessed with ghosts. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of vegetables.
A spontaneous father from Wales is obsessed with green vegetables. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has a nose like a ski jump. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a judgmental man from Hull who can only read whilst balancing a mouse on his head. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
A disfigured teenager from Houston is obsessed with dance music. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE art student is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was eight. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Fridays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE father is angry about politics. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to become a senior swimming instructor.
A AGE man is angry about his leaky teapot. He has eyes like saucers. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on social media.
A AGE surgeon is angry about the recent jailing of his daughter. People often compare him to a trendy goldfish. He always carries a blue cape. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
NAME is an ambitious manufacturer who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A good father from Perth is obsessed with green vegetables. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Tuesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a lazy man from Europe who can only dance when the weather is hot. People often compare him to a lazy giraffe. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A terrible soldier from Saturn is obsessed with ghosts. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. People often compare him to a thoughtful kangaroo. He comes from a troubled family. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is an attractive man from Indianapolis who can only fly by day. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a working class family. On Saturdays, he likes to name small animals. NAME is an academic man from Scotland who can only laugh by day. People often compare him to an academic doll. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about low-fat cheese. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE teenager is angry about zombies. He has eyes like space rockets. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE teenager is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a loving man from Philadelphia who can only dance wearing a mask. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a brave man from New Zealand who can only speak when he is upside down. He looks smart. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was eleven. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a reckless man from Australia who can only speak when facing north. People often compare him to a reckless giraffe. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a traditional man from Houston who can only fly by day. People often compare him to a traditional goldfish. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a paranoid man from Dallas who can only read when he is hungry. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE nurse is angry about vegetarianism. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal firearm.
NAME is addicted to writing. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A well-loved librarian from Northern Europe is obsessed with rap music. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. People often compare him to an irritable kangaroo. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
A wild psychology student from Australia is obsessed with films. He has eyes like gemstones. He always carries a red cape. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to art. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE wizard is angry about xenophobia. He usually wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kangaroo.
A AGE teenager is angry about politics. He has lips like soft petals. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a spontaneous man from Sidney who can only sleep when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a brash surgeon who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has crazy, blue hair. He comes from a happy family. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE father is angry about politics. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his friend. On Saturdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a boring man from Houston who can only drive wearing a mask. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was three. He always wears brown trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. On Saturdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE radiologist is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was nine. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An allusive media studies student from Europe is obsessed with dance music. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
A AGE man is angry about being kept away from his girlfriend. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries two phones. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream from a little old lady.
NAME is an intelligent man from Norway who can only speak when the weather is stormy. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is a merry man from Norway who can only see when he is hungry. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He strongly dislikes hippos. On Thursdays, he likes to name small animals.

NAME is a desperate man from Phonix who can only see whilst balancing a canary on his head. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE man is angry about racism. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is a snazzy carpenter who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears yellow trousers. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a kind man from Africa who can only swim when he is upside down. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a shy teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries multiple sandwiches. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a lazy man from Western Europe who can only laugh the moon is in Pisces. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE art student is angry about the recent jailing of his husband. He looks trustworthy. He always carries toothpaste. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an easily-led teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
An AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was three. He has a nose like a button. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a militant author who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a middle class family. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a law-abiding man from Sweden who can only eat when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kangaroo.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
NAME is a funny man from outer space who can only smile the sun is in Sagittarius. He has beautiful, red eyes. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an interesting father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a wolf.
A grumpy goblin from France is obsessed with piano keys. He usually wears blue trousers. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his neighbour.
A AGE swimming instructor is angry about vegetarianism. He always wears false teeth. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
A AGE engineer is angry about his football team losing. He usually wears body armour. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast. NAME is a well-educated father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a magic bean. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.

A AGE vampire is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was one. He has lips like pink cushions. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE photographer is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was ten. He usually wears body armour. He always carries a tape measure. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about global warming. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A sleepy lawyer from Saturn is obsessed with rhinoceroses. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
NAME is a dishy man who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
NAME is a sarcastic man from Philadelphia who can only smile it is full moon. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A dishonest author from Eastern Europe is obsessed with piano keys. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a careless teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries a purple cape. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a militant man from Orlando who can only laugh wearing a mask. He has beautiful, red eyes. He always carries a magic bean. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is addicted to Bristol. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries a tape measure. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE postal worker is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was nine. People often compare him to a smart dog. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a corny man from Brisbane who can only laugh the sun is in Aquarius. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a rich family. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a stable man from Manchester who can only read when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. He usually wears woolly clothes. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a car.
NAME is an unkind man from Mars who can only smile the sun is in Libra. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't drive. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a desperate psychology student who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a caring giant who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
A rich teenager from England is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread at gunpoint.
An entertaining man from Cambridge is obsessed with rap music. He usually wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a lucky man from Dan Diego who can only read when he is hungry. People often compare him to a lucky clock. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE zombie is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was five. People often compare him to a mean tree. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't swim. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a young man from St Austell who can only fly when facing north. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a sleepy man from Philadelphia who can only be seen wearing a mask. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE father is angry about being kept away from his wife. He always wears skimpy clothes. He always carries two phones. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
An AGE shop assistant is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a hippo.
A AGE teenager is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He has beautiful, blue eyes. He strongly dislikes his son. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He always wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is an honest art student who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to an honest meadow. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE monarch is angry about his leaky teapot. People often compare him to an old flamingo. He strongly dislikes his father. On Fridays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE programmer is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was two. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal cabbage.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was fourteen. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a strict family. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about zombies. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE author is angry about his leaky teapot. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A gentle man from Melbourne is obsessed with green vegetables. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his shoe collection.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was ten. People often compare him to a prejudiced statue. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. On Fridays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has crazy, white hair. He strongly dislikes his daughter. On Sundays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE lawyer is angry about pretty much everything. He has hair like snakes. He always carries a walking stick. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
NAME is a fashionable teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes his partner. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A paranoid teenager from Dan Diego is obsessed with films. People often compare him to a paranoid meadow. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
NAME is a silly man from France who can only swim when facing north. He has crazy, yellow hair. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
A snazzy superhero from Norway is obsessed with envelopes. He has beautiful, red eyes. He comes from a middle class family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
A AGE singer is angry about veganism. People often compare him to a pessimistic cow. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
A AGE monarch is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was one. He looks smart. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
NAME is a dishonest man from Northern America who can only be seen wearing a mask. He has crazy, brown hair. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a criminal man from Dallas who can only see by day. He has crazy, black hair. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a lucky teacher who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a trendy man from Toronto who can only laugh when the weather is snowy. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. On Wednesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is age. He always carries a newspaper. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was ten. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries two phones. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream many years ago.
An unlucky teenager from Oxford is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to an unlucky forest. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was twelve. He has a nose like a beak. He strongly dislikes hippos. His purpose in life is to become a senior geography student.
A AGE man is angry about rising taxes. He has hair like a troll's. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A trendy zombie from Cambridge is obsessed with sheep. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
An enigmatic werewolf from Chicago is obsessed with ghosts. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A creative librarian from Dallas is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his husband.
NAME is an assertive man from Sidney who can only dance it is full moon. He has eyes like gemstones. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
NAME is a calculating man from The Philippines who can only sleep when the weather is sunny. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE father is angry about rising taxes. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has a nose like a button. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on national television.
A AGE French student is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was eight. He has eyes like planets. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE man is angry about rising taxes. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is a geeky man from a galaxy far, far away who can only see whilst balancing a parrot on his head. He has lips like soft petals. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. On Wednesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a brash dentist who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is an easily-led man from Truro who can only smile after he has eaten an orange. He always wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is particularly interested in escaping from enemy troops.
NAME is a smug man from India who can only dance after he has eaten sausages. He always wears a white shirt. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a scheming man from Los Angeles who can only fly whilst balancing a ferret on his head. He has a nose like a button. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his son.
A AGE radiologist is angry about violence on TV. He always wears a blue dress. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
A AGE politician is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was five. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. On Wednesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a hard-working werewolf who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has lips like slugs. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
NAME is a respectable computer science student who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has a nose like a beak. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is particularly interested in finding a missing sock.
NAME is a terrible man from a galaxy far, far away who can only eat at night. He has eyes like the ocean. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a prejudiced man from Plymouth who can only sleep whilst balancing a skunk on his head. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a troubled family. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE vampire is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was four. He always wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a well-travelled man from Bristol who can only walk when facing north. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a calculator. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE teenager is angry about global warming. He has hair like snakes. He always carries a newspaper. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is an inspiring man from Boston who can only dance it is full moon. He usually wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a gullible man from Birmingham who can only swim at night. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
NAME is an extroverted man from Netherlands who can only dance wearing a mask. People often compare him to an extroverted mouse. He always carries two phones. He has been wrongly accused of killing his brother.
NAME is an irritable lawyer who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a blue umbrella. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a kind man from Indianapolis who can only dance it is full moon. He always wears false teeth. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is an interesting biology student who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A smug father from Denmark is obsessed with sheep. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
A well-educated soldier from Sidney is obsessed with dance music. He always wears dark glasses. He always carries a calculator. His purpose in life is to get home. A generous doctor from Leeds is obsessed with zombies. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from an alien invasion. NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream at gunpoint.
NAME is addicted to social media. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a tape measure. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was twelve. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a lorry.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to an attractive doll. He comes from a troubled family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is age. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a well-travelled man from Melbourne who can only be seen when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a wand. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.

NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a calculating statue. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A musical fishmonger from Ireland is obsessed with computers. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
A AGE father is angry about his leaky teapot. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a lazy teenager who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Fridays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is an intelligent software developer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has lips like slugs. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE man is angry about low-fat cheese. He has crazy, purple hair. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his neighbour.

NAME is a well-loved doctor who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has crazy, white hair. He strongly dislikes gazelle. On Thursdays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a precious jewel.
NAME is an academic father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a spontaneous man from Sweden who can only be seen when facing north. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
NAME is a militant man who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A conventional merman from Houston is obsessed with envelopes. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is age. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
A polite father from Saturn is obsessed with anteaters. He has eyes like marbles. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was seven. He always wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't see. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car.
NAME is a greedy man from Melbourne who can only speak when he is hungry. He has eyes like the ocean. He comes from a rich family. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a homophobic postal worker who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a brick. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal firearm.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was fourteen. He usually wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
NAME is a careless solicitor who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks exhausted. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a loaf of bread from a little old lady. NAME is a careless professor who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has eyes like the ocean. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an ambitious man from Perth who can only dance after he has eaten toast. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has eyes like the ocean. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A AGE computer science student is angry about global warming. He has hair like a troll's. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is particularly interested in learning to run a candle factory.
NAME is a disturbed lawyer who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears a red shirt. He always carries a brown umbrella. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
A thoughtful pianist from London is obsessed with light sabres. He usually wears blue trousers. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a posh man from a galaxy far, far away who can only speak when facing north. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his friend. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like a truck. He always carries a newspaper. On Fridays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a fascinating entrepreneur who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a wand. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a disturbed teacher who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
A xenophobic teenager from Glasgow is obsessed with gazelle. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea. NAME is an arrogant man from America who can only speak when he is upside down. He has lips like pink cushions. He always carries a calculator. He has to save the world from an asteroid.

NAME is addicted to skipping. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.

NAME is a bad man from Bristol who can only laugh at night. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a well-loved man from St Austell who can only eat when facing north. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to public speaking. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a wand. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE manufacturer is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was fourteen. People often compare him to an unstable statue. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A lazy spy from Western Europe is obsessed with ghosts. He has eyes like little planets. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a spontaneous teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a fashionable forest. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a forceful man from Liverpool who can only drive after he has eaten stawberry jam. People often compare him to a forceful hippo. He strongly dislikes his son. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A dishonest professor from France is obsessed with zombies. He has lips like soft petals. He always carries a brown umbrella. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a posh man from Houston who can only sleep when the weather is blowy. He usually wears body armour. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is a strict man from outer space who can only read it is full moon. He looks exhausted. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is an immature man from Plymouth who can only see the moon is in Pisces. He has lips like little pillows. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE geography student is angry about low-fat cheese. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a passionate man from Western Europe who can only laugh by day. Physically, he is built like a truck. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
NAME is a terrible man from Ireland who can only sleep after he has eaten carrots. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a naughty teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has lips like pink cushions. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an easily-led man from Sweden who can only eat when he is upside down. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
A AGE doctor is angry about racism. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has lips like pink cushions. He strongly dislikes his sister. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a merry man from Bristol who can only read at night. He has a nose like a beak. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a troubled man from Dan Diego who can only dance by day. He looks smart. He comes from a broken family. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
An individual politician from Eastern Europe is obsessed with sheep. People often compare him to an individual tree. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A criminal pianist from Europe is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks old for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a newspaper. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE psychology student is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was two. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a wand. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is angry about low-fat cheese. He always wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
A AGE vampire is angry about violence on TV. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't swim. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a bicycle whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
An AGE werewolf is angry about homophobia. He has eyes like gemstones. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A musical man from Boston is obsessed with piano keys. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a reckless man who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a reckless cow. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders. NAME is a good man from Norway who can only fly after he has eaten pasties. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from killer a duck.
NAME is a snobby man who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has lips like pink cushions. He always carries a calculator. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
A modest teenager from Truro is obsessed with green vegetables. He has a nose like a button. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is an unstable man from Norway who can only dance wearing a mask. He always wears a grey shirt. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
NAME is an adventurous man from a galaxy far, far away who can only laugh it is full moon. People often compare him to an adventurous wolf. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is a xenophobic wizard who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his boyfriend.
NAME is a funny man from Sidney who can only speak whilst balancing a bird on his head. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an inquiring man from St Austell who can only walk after he has eaten cabbage. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his daughter.
NAME is a paranoid man from South America who can only swim when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. He has a nose like a beak. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He is particularly interested in making pies out of other people.

NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes his sister. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a loyal man from Sheffield who can only dance when he is upside down. He always wears a grey dress. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an interesting teenager who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a desperate man from Houston who can only see the moon is in Pisces. He always wears brown trousers. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A careless swimming instructor from Birmingham is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to French. People often compare him to a brave mountain. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was eleven. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a newspaper. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is an invisible man from Saturn who can only fly when he is upside down. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a wand. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a chatty man from Glasgow who can only walk wearing a mask. People often compare him to a chatty meadow. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is an interesting doctor who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks approachable. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
An AGE politician is angry about zombies. People often compare him to a judgmental aardvark. He always carries a yellow umbrella. He is particularly interested in finding a missing child.
NAME is a sceptical man from Glasgow who can only swim wearing a mask. People often compare him to a sceptical mountain. He strongly dislikes his partner. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
An interesting pianist from Australia is obsessed with dance music. He usually wears brown trousers. He strongly dislikes his friend. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a silly man from New Zealand who can only be seen when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a bicycle.
An allusive giant from Indianapolis is obsessed with kangaroos. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A traditional teacher from Eastern Europe is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a smug teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a smug goldfish. He always carries a wand. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream many years ago.
A AGE professor is angry about xenophobia. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A bossy chef from Northern Europe is obsessed with gazelle. He always wears woolly clothes. He comes from a troubled family. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has crazy, brown hair. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. His purpose in life is to become a senior teacher.
NAME is an unkind man from Melbourne who can only see when facing north. He has a nose like a ski jump. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his girlfriend.
A AGE physics student is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was five. He usually wears a white dress. He comes from a middle class family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal cabbage.
NAME is a loving man from Saturn who can only sleep when his pet ferret is in his pocket. He looks exhausted. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to become a senior politician.
A wild history student from Plymouth is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a wild statue. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE postal worker is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't dance. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a cow.
A AGE father is angry about parking. People often compare him to a gentle tree. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from killer a tiger.
An outgoing giant from Los Angeles is obsessed with rap music. He has eyes like fish bowls. He always carries two phones. He is particularly interested in finding a missing shell. A AGE musician is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was two. He has eyes like crystals. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He has been wrongly accused of killing his daughter.
NAME is a grumpy teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes his father. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a racist man who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears dark glasses. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE photographer is angry about low-fat cheese. He looks like he needs a good wash. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
A AGE butcher is angry about parking. He always wears false teeth. He comes from a strict family. On Sundays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is an adventurous man from America who can only see when the weather is snowy. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a loyal father who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't fly. On Thursdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE art student is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was four. He has beautiful, grey eyes. He comes from a happy family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A hard-working professor from Birmingham is obsessed with piano keys. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting Prince William on national television.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
NAME is addicted to sewing. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a wild chef who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. People often compare him to an irritable dog. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a caring man from Wales who can only dance when he is upside down. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a pistol. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
NAME is a corny man from Leeds who can only read at night. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
A naughty man from Phonix is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He has been wrongly accused of killing his partner.
NAME is a boring man from Sidney who can only smile at night. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
A AGE anthropologist is angry about being kept away from his fianc&eacute;. He always wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
An AGE shop assistant is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was fourteen. He looks smart. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is a gentle man from Brisbane who can only eat when facing north. He has lips like little pillows. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE musician is angry about violence on TV. He has lips like soft petals. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Fridays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
An AGE surgeon is angry about zombies. He has crazy, green hair. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a brash man from Canada who can only be seen when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his brother.
NAME is addicted to art. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.

NAME is a reckless man from Venus who can only be seen by day. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
A passionate lawyer from Philadelphia is obsessed with films. He always wears dark glasses. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is a stable shoemaker who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a stable cow. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A modest merman from Melbourne is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to a modest flamingo. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A vulgar man from Venus is obsessed with chocolate. People often compare him to a vulgar cat. He always carries two phones. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
A AGE werewolf is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was twelve. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a naughty man from Australia who can only laugh when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. On Mondays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is addicted to Sidney. He looks smart. He comes from a troubled family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a happy family. On Thursdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a working class family. On Wednesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
An entertaining man from Perth is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears a yellow shirt. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE builder is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was one. He usually wears body armour. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a disfigured man from Brisbane who can only see when the weather is stormy. He has crazy, brown hair. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread whilst abroad on holiday.
A AGE teenager is angry about his football team losing. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a law-abiding carpenter who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes his husband. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a colourful man from New York who can only drive it is full moon. He always wears pink trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was eleven. He usually wears false teeth. He always carries a magic bean. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a brown cape. He is particularly interested in escaping from enemy troops.
A AGE accountant is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was twelve. He has lips like soft petals. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
A AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was fourteen. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't sleep. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A xenophobic superhero from Houston is obsessed with zombies. He has a nose like a ski jump. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. His purpose in life is to become a senior chef.
A scheming father from Plymouth is obsessed with light sabres. He usually wears brown trousers. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards. NAME is a well-educated man from Dan Diego who can only speak by day. People often compare him to a well-educated wolf. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has been wrongly accused of killing his boyfriend.
A lucky giant from Netherlands is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a lucky statue. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was seven. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has a nose like a button. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a posh man from New York who can only speak at night. He usually wears false teeth. He always carries a pink cape. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks relatively fit. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
A caring programmer from Manchester is obsessed with piano keys. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is particularly interested in making pies out of other people. A troubled merman from Australia is obsessed with rhinoceroses. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is an immature man from South America who can only read whilst balancing a parrot on his head. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.


A funny teenager from Netherlands is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was one. People often compare him to a boring goldfish. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an honest receptionist who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Fridays, he likes to try and save the world. NAME is addicted to skipping. He has crazy, pink hair. He comes from a rich family. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an immature man from outer space who can only speak after he has eaten pasties. He always wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is age. He always carries a calculator. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an unstable man who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. His purpose in life is to become a senior shoemaker.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was nine. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a blue umbrella. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was seven. He usually wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE politician is angry about the recent jailing of his partner. People often compare him to an extroverted kitten. He comes from a rich family. On Wednesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A silly librarian from Manchester is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a silly kitten. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal firearm.
NAME is a careless man from Saturn who can only walk whilst balancing a bird on his head. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a calculator. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a passionate man from Philadelphia who can only eat it is full moon. People often compare him to a passionate forest. He always carries a red cape. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream whilst wearing an inappropriate hat. A AGE spy is angry about rising taxes. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his co-worker.

NAME is a thoughtful receptionist who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is attached to a machine. He usually wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE butcher is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was five. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to social media. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.

NAME is a bad man from France who can only drive when he is upside down. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car many years ago.
NAME is a disfigured man from Plymouth who can only walk when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a magic bean. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an inquiring man from Sidney who can only laugh after he has eaten a bagel. People often compare him to an inquiring cow. He comes from a strict family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He always wears false teeth. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities on national television.
NAME is a reckless man from Venus who can only eat when he is upside down. He looks exhausted. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
A AGE father is angry about being kept away from his colleague. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. On Saturdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE superhero is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was nine. People often compare him to a smart chicken. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE programmer is angry about his leaky teapot. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. His purpose in life is to protect others.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was nine. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is particularly interested in listening to classical music.
NAME is a magical man who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
A AGE professor is angry about rising taxes. He has beautiful, grey eyes. He comes from a strict family. On Saturdays, he likes to count his money.
An AGE butcher is angry about global warming. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a newspaper. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE radiologist is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was six. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his hat collection.
NAME is addicted to video games. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
NAME is age. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An introverted lawyer from Oxford is obsessed with zombies. He has a nose like a ski jump. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE swimming instructor is angry about vegetarianism. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president in a blog post.
NAME is a brave man from New Zealand who can only read when he is hungry. He has hair like a horse's mane. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't see. On Saturdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE geography student is angry about zombies. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is an academic man from Australia who can only see when the weather is snowy. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. He has to save the world from global warming.
An interesting professor from Oxford is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes goldfish. On Sundays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
NAME is a law-abiding anthropologist who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't see. On Wednesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
An unkind shoemaker from Brisbane is obsessed with envelopes. He looks young for his age. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a cute art student who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his shoe collection.
NAME is a dishy man from Eastern Europe who can only fly when he is upside down. He usually wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from killer a postal worker. A AGE father is angry about his leaky teapot. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future. A AGE father is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He has lips like pink cushions. He comes from a happy family. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a magical man from San Francisco who can only swim whilst balancing a bird on his head. He has beautiful, pink eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to computer science. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't dance. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a rude entrepreneur who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to become a senior nurse.
A desperate surgeon from Dallas is obsessed with envelopes. He looks smart. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is an inquiring man from Washington who can only be seen whilst balancing a parrot on his head. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
NAME is a happy man from Plymouth who can only drive when he is upside down. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a spontaneous man from England who can only walk after he has eaten sausages. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president on social media.
An AGE wizard is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was two. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a smug flamingo. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.

NAME is a xenophobic man who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his father. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a helpful man from the moon who can only drive when facing north. He looks like he needs a good wash. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a calculating man from Europe who can only fly wearing a mask. He has eyes like saucers. He always carries a calculator. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a mystical man from Leeds who can only dance the sun is in Venus. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE angel is angry about the recent jailing of his brother. He has lips like slugs. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a helpful man from London who can only swim when the weather is snowy. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. On Tuesdays, he likes to count his money.
An assertive werewolf from Africa is obsessed with light sabres. He has eyes like little planets. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. On Saturdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an unkind man from Cambridge who can only dance after he has eaten cabbage. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a sceptical man from Edinburgh who can only drive when the weather is stormy. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a magical geography student who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has lips like slugs. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a hard-working media studies student who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is an unkind father who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has lips like slugs. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
An AGE vampire is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was six. He has eyes like the ocean. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his co-worker.
NAME is a snazzy man from Houston who can only sleep by day. People often compare him to a snazzy goldfish. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a mystical man from The Philippines who can only be seen wearing a mask. He has eyes like saucers. He comes from a poor family. On Sundays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was thirteen. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an individual writer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has a nose like a ski jump. He always carries a calculator. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
A generous drama student from Los Angeles is obsessed with films. He has lips like soft petals. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his felt pen collection.
An ambitious painter from Melbourne is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a tape measure. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is an invisible teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A geeky media studies student from Toronto is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He has to save the world from an alien invasion. A AGE biology student is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. People often compare him to a well-travelled cat. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of vegetables.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to physics. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was two. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in making pies out of paperclips.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He always wears false teeth. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is a shy man from Chicago who can only drive after he has eaten an orange. He looks like he needs a good wash. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A batty swimming instructor from Venus is obsessed with dance music. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his son. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation. A AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
A AGE radiologist is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was fourteen. He has a nose like a button. He comes from a middle class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a loving spy who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He usually wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was seven. People often compare him to a brave goldfish. He always carries a calculator. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A shy werewolf from Orlando is obsessed with dance music. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He looks approachable. He always carries a newspaper. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A creative pop star from Norway is obsessed with goldfish. He always wears a PVC apron. He comes from a working class family. On Tuesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.

A AGE soldier is angry about noisy neighbours. People often compare him to a geeky mountain. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. His purpose in life is to become a senior professor.

A traditional librarian from Europe is obsessed with films. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is an intelligent geography student who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a walking stick. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his harpoon collection.
NAME is an unlucky French student who finds it hard to trust people. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries a walking stick. On Saturdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a nosy man from Birmingham who can only drive it is full moon. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks approachable. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is a good manufacturer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes his colleague. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
An AGE man is angry about global warming. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He usually wears false eyebrows. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't drive. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a traditional man from Seattle who can only smile after he has eaten stawberry jam. He has hair like snakes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't swim. He has been wrongly accused of killing his sister.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a blue cape. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is an enigmatic teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has lips like little pillows. He always carries two phones. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a sceptical man from Saturn who can only eat the sun is in Pisces. He usually wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. On Mondays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has crazy, purple hair. He always carries toothpaste. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a colourful man who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He always wears false teeth. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.

NAME is a rich man from San Francisco who can only smile it is full moon. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of fruit.
NAME is an irritable man from a galaxy far, far away who can only eat when facing north. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE father is angry about homophobia. He has a nose like a beak. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his boyfriend. A AGE teenager is angry about the recent jailing of his friend. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
A criminal man from Brisbane is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Wednesdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to cycling. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a loyal man from Norway who can only smile when the weather is thunderous. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
NAME is an academic anthropologist who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is a gullible man from France who can only dance when his pet ferret is in his pocket. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an outgoing man from Europe who can only sleep when the weather is rainy. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a wand. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a lorry.
NAME is an outspoken teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A musical father from Bristol is obsessed with ghosts. He always wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.

NAME is a snobby man from Bristol who can only eat when facing north. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to outer space. He usually wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a precious jewel from a little old lady.
NAME is a happy man from Boston who can only swim whilst balancing a canary on his head. He always wears false teeth. He comes from an unhappy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a goldfish.
NAME is a sleepy man from Washington who can only drive whilst balancing a mouse on his head. People often compare him to a sleepy chicken. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
A AGE postal worker is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was six. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He strongly dislikes his wife. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal firearm.
A rich father from Wales is obsessed with films. He looks old for his age. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an allusive man from India who can only laugh when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a broken family. On Fridays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
NAME is an interesting man from Scotland who can only read wearing a mask. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. People often compare him to a batty goldfish. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a stable soldier who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. His purpose in life is to become a senior solicitor.
NAME is a sleepy man from Phonix who can only laugh when facing north. He usually wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a paranoid man from the moon who can only eat when he is upside down. He has lips like little pillows. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. His purpose in life is to get home.
A good pop star from The Philippines is obsessed with goldfish. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is particularly interested in finding love.
An AGE merman is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was four. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE engineer is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries a tape measure. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a puppy.
A rude nurse from Australia is obsessed with computers. He usually wears white trousers. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kangaroo.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was eight. He always wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An arrogant manufacturer from Glasgow is obsessed with dance music. People often compare him to an arrogant statue. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He has been wrongly accused of killing his sister.
A AGE werewolf is angry about his football team losing. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes flamingos. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a happy man from Scotland who can only walk the sun is in Leo. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his brother.
A AGE teenager is angry about being kept away from his neighbour. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a troubled family. On Sundays, he likes to count his money.
A AGE father is angry about vegetarianism. He usually wears a red shirt. He always carries a newspaper. On Thursdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He has crazy, orange hair. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE surgeon is angry about his football team losing. He always wears woolly clothes. He comes from a poor family. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
A AGE werewolf is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was thirteen. People often compare him to an invisible statue. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from killer a duck.
NAME is a colourful programmer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks exhausted. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to a reckless kangaroo. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities on national television.
NAME is a cute dentist who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
NAME is a fascinating teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a mouse.
A AGE man is angry about the recent jailing of his daughter. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his insect collection.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
A AGE chef is angry about global warming. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is particularly interested in finding a missing soldier.
A disfigured man from New York is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his colleague.
NAME is an admired physics student who finds it hard to trust people. He has hair like snakes. He strongly dislikes his husband. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a snobby man from South America who can only walk when he is upside down. He always wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. On Sundays, he likes to go jogging.
A hard-working surgeon from San Francisco is obsessed with zombies. He has hair like a bird's nest. He always carries a brown umbrella. His purpose in life is to protect others.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was five. People often compare him to a brash clock. He comes from a working class family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has crazy, pink hair. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of killing his husband.
A terrible writer from London is obsessed with computers. He always wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a colourful father who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't drive. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was seven. He usually wears a purple dress. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is addicted to Plymouth. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is addicted to France. He has lips like slugs. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a dishy man who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He always wears a red dress. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of fruit.
NAME is an interesting teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has crazy, black hair. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
An AGE radiologist is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was nine. He always wears false teeth. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal firearm.
A gullible physics student from Mars is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a boring man from Wales who can only see whilst balancing a canary on his head. He usually wears a grey shirt. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An outspoken father from France is obsessed with rap music. He has beautiful, red eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE manufacturer is angry about politics. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has to save the world from killer a zombie.
NAME is a conventional soldier who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a conventional tree. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is an inquiring man from Oxford who can only read after he has eaten pasties. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a militant teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE teenager is angry about his football team losing. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is an outgoing man who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He always wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is an immature drama student who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
A well-loved teenager from Philadelphia is obsessed with dance music. People often compare him to a well-loved hippo. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.
NAME is an adventurous man from India who can only sleep whilst balancing a bird on his head. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was four. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes his son. He has been wrongly accused of killing his friend.
A AGE lawyer is angry about zombies. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A reckless father from Edinburgh is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a brave man from Philadelphia who can only eat when he is hungry. He has eyes like little planets. He strongly dislikes his sister. He has to save the world from killer a tiger. A passionate father from Plymouth is obsessed with zombies. He usually wears a grey dress. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kitten.
NAME is a well-loved man from Dallas who can only dance by day. People often compare him to a well-loved doll. He always carries a pistol. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is an individual man from Western Europe who can only dance after he has eaten an orange. People often compare him to an individual tree. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is addicted to Germany. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He has been wrongly accused of killing his fianc&eacute;.
NAME is a naughty man from San Francisco who can only swim when his pet ferret is in his pocket. People often compare him to a naughty sheep. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has beautiful, orange eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.

A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was thirteen. He looks smart. He always carries a blue cape. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a funny teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has a nose like a button. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is an old father who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has eyes like crystals. He always carries a black umbrella. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a thoughtful man from Western Europe who can only laugh it is full moon. He always wears brown trousers. He always carries two phones. On Fridays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has beautiful, blue eyes. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his partner.
An allusive superhero from Truro is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A AGE painter is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. Physically, he is built like a house. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE father is angry about violence on TV. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion. A AGE art student is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was four. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He always wears body armour. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a precious jewel whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a walking stick. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.

NAME is addicted to physics. He has beautiful, green eyes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal cabbage.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
NAME is a sleepy man from England who can only laugh the moon is in Leo. People often compare him to a sleepy kitten. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is angry about rising taxes. He looks approachable. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE software developer is angry about global warming. He has hair like a horse's mane. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
A xenophobic father from France is obsessed with films. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A prejudiced art student from Africa is obsessed with kangaroos. He looks young for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. His purpose in life is to become a senior musician.
A AGE teenager is angry about his football team losing. He usually wears body armour. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
A polite nurse from Northern America is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a polite meadow. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't dance. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE professor is angry about veganism. People often compare him to a merry tree. He always carries a red umbrella. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is age. He comes from a happy family. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a traditional postal worker who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his wife. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to computer science. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his partner. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE nurse is angry about parking. He always wears dark glasses. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his boyfriend.
An invisible father from Washington is obsessed with chocolate. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A grumpy geography student from London is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was seven. He has eyes like marbles. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in finding a missing soldier.
A AGE father is angry about veganism. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is addicted to dancing. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of paperclips.
A scheming teenager from South America is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a middle class family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is an ambitious man from Orlando who can only dance at night. He always wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes his brother. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a paranoid man from Ireland who can only laugh when he is hungry. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from a troubled family. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an irritable man who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has beautiful, black eyes. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE angel is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was six. He usually wears body armour. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
A AGE teenager is angry about vegetarianism. He has crazy, purple hair. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his co-worker.
A racist man from Glasgow is obsessed with rap music. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE computer science student is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a middle class family. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE nurse is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was eight. He looks exhausted. He comes from a middle class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a gentle man who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a mouse.
NAME is addicted to poetry. He has beautiful, green eyes. He strongly dislikes his mother. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a well-educated monarch who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a forceful solicitor who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has crazy, grey hair. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed. NAME is addicted to skipping. He has a nose like a ski jump. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Mondays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE werewolf is angry about pretty much everything. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a car.
A AGE biology student is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. People often compare him to a musical kitten. He always carries a walking stick. On Saturdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a bad man from Bodmin who can only be seen wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning an aardvark.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has crazy, pink hair. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his co-worker.
A AGE vampire is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was ten. He has eyes like gemstones. He always carries a brown cape. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
NAME is a caring man from Australia who can only sleep when facing north. People often compare him to a caring doll. He always carries two phones. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to geography. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. On Wednesdays, he likes to count his money. NAME is a prejudiced superhero who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a prejudiced mountain. He comes from an unhappy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stapler collection.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was two. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks exhausted. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a law-abiding forest. He strongly dislikes goldfish. His purpose in life is to become a senior teacher.

NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a dishy doctor who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a dishy goldfish. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets. NAME is a loving man from Dan Diego who can only walk when facing north. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE butcher is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was three. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is addicted to video games. He usually wears a yellow dress. He comes from a rich family. He is particularly interested in making pies out of bad people.


NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a geeky man from Norway who can only speak at night. People often compare him to a geeky doll. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
NAME is a lazy man from France who can only fly when he is upside down. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He has to save the world from rising sea levels. A scheming superhero from Australia is obsessed with flamingos. He always wears a green dress. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
A militant monarch from Leeds is obsessed with dance music. People often compare him to a militant flamingo. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a desperate puppy. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE computer science student is angry about low-fat cheese. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a brown umbrella. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is addicted to biology. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities in a blog post.
NAME is a forceful man from Germany who can only speak the sun is in Venus. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE father is angry about low-fat cheese. He looks approachable. He always carries a red cape. On Mondays, he likes to go jogging. A AGE teenager is angry about racism. He has lips like soft petals. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a brash horse. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A corny goblin from Cambridge is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries two phones. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his brother.

A AGE teenager is angry about his football team losing. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a merry teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a merry giraffe. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a judgmental teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a judgmental doll. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A happy teenager from Sweden is obsessed with light sabres. He has crazy, pink hair. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities in a blog post.
NAME is an introverted giant who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
NAME is a homophobic musician who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks smart. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a mean man from Wales who can only see when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.

NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is addicted to video games. He always wears blue trousers. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A respectable teenager from Norway is obsessed with light sabres. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
A AGE angel is angry about homophobia. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a brash psychology student who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a mouse.
NAME is addicted to Dan Diego. He usually wears an orange dress. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream whilst abroad on holiday.
NAME is a thoughtful giant who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has crazy, brown hair. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is particularly interested in listening to classical music.
NAME is a gullible man from Wales who can only dance the sun is in Aquarius. He has beautiful, black eyes. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a dishonest man from New Zealand who can only sleep when his pet ferret is in his pocket. He has crazy, blue hair. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
NAME is a posh radiologist who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. He always carries a wand. On Tuesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a rich man from outer space who can only drive it is full moon. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A AGE accountant is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was seven. He looks old for his age. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
An AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was eleven. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his daughter.
NAME is an unkind man from Philadelphia who can only drive by day. He looks exhausted. He always carries toothpaste. On Wednesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE wizard is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was five. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
A AGE merman is angry about xenophobia. He usually wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing an ice cream in the dead of night.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a mouse.
NAME is a hard-working soldier who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has a nose like a ski jump. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a spontaneous man from Norway who can only smile it is full moon. He has eyes like crystals. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was four. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a strict flamingo. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is a loving wizard who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. He has been wrongly accused of killing his mother.
A AGE werewolf is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was twelve. He has hair like a horse's mane. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. On Wednesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a naughty superhero who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a pistol. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a militant werewolf who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was seven. He has crazy, pink hair. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
A mystical angel from America is obsessed with zombies. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
A AGE teenager is angry about being kept away from his son. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from global warming.
A sweet shoemaker from Phonix is obsessed with computers. He has hair like snakes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a lazy postal worker who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
NAME is addicted to video games. He usually wears a white dress. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is a silly professor who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has eyes like saucers. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a young drama student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from a happy family. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a sarcastic man from Sweden who can only walk it is full moon. People often compare him to a sarcastic clock. He strongly dislikes his father. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A brave wizard from Western Europe is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a brave tree. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a prejudiced sheep. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to become a senior solicitor.
A AGE media studies student is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was eleven. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A respectable entrepreneur from Sheffield is obsessed with light sabres. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He always carries a red umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is age. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is an adventurous man from Saturn who can only fly when his pet parrot is in his pocket. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE solicitor is angry about low-fat cheese. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He comes from a heavily religious family. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a good man from Glasgow who can only be seen when he is hungry. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. He strongly dislikes his son. On Thursdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE manufacturer is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a lorry.
NAME is an old man from Indianapolis who can only laugh at night. He usually wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was seven. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
NAME is addicted to Glasgow. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
A AGE father is angry about pretty much everything. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
A AGE teacher is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was five. People often compare him to a nosy statue. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from killer a zombie.
A AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was fourteen. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE media studies student is angry about politics. He always wears a black shirt. He always carries toothpaste. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is a lucky farmer who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a law-abiding teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of killing his father.
A caring father from Sheffield is obsessed with light sabres. He looks old for his age. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
A disturbed postal worker from Plymouth is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Thursdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a trendy man from Leeds who can only be seen when the weather is wet. People often compare him to a trendy meadow. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
A AGE librarian is angry about homophobia. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't fly. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is an inspiring man from Sidney who can only fly wearing a mask. He has eyes like planets. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. His purpose in life is to become a senior accountant.
NAME is a snazzy man from Los Angeles who can only swim after he has eaten marmalade. He has crazy, red hair. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
An AGE father is angry about the recent jailing of his husband. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car many years ago.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He always wears a grey dress. He always carries a black umbrella. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE drama student is angry about veganism. He always wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an assertive man from Sidney who can only eat whilst balancing a parrot on his head. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a rich family. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a bossy man from Birmingham who can only dance at night. People often compare him to a bossy forest. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A smart teenager from Orlando is obsessed with envelopes. He has lips like slugs. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is an unstable man from Denmark who can only smile when facing north. He usually wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a bicycle.
A AGE man is angry about vegetarianism. He has hair like a shimmering river. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE engineer is angry about veganism. He always wears dark glasses. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in finding a missing child.
NAME is age. He always carries two phones. He has been wrongly accused of killing his neighbour.
A AGE media studies student is angry about rising taxes. He usually wears blue trousers. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a careless man from Melbourne who can only smile wearing a mask. He always wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A AGE angel is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was nine. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a strict family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
A AGE father is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a pistol. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a xenophobic man from Western Europe who can only drive after he has eaten sausages. He usually wears false teeth. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is a well-educated man from Germany who can only smile whilst balancing a canary on his head. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries a brown umbrella. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
NAME is addicted to Sweden. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
A snazzy man from Dan Diego is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing an ice cream.
NAME is a batty fishmonger who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an easily-led man from Denmark who can only walk when the weather is fair. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
NAME is an inquiring teenager who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to an inquiring goldfish. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is an interesting man from Scotland who can only speak when he is hungry. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A kind builder from Cambridge is obsessed with dance music. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He is particularly interested in listening to classical music.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A spontaneous vampire from New Zealand is obsessed with goldfish. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
NAME is an ambitious man from Venus who can only laugh when he is hungry. He has beautiful, purple eyes. He always carries a magic bean. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is an extroverted man from Sweden who can only see after he has eaten toast. People often compare him to an extroverted doll. He always carries a newspaper. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was ten. He always wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE nurse is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a fascinating doll. He strongly dislikes unicorn. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a criminal father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has eyes like fish bowls. He strongly dislikes his father. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a xenophobic man from Boston who can only be seen when facing north. He always wears a white dress. He comes from a heavily religious family. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a chatty man from Saturn who can only be seen wearing a mask. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a generous man who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE angel is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was ten. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is an interesting physics student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He always wears body armour. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is an enigmatic man from Plymouth who can only drive when he is upside down. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has been wrongly accused of killing his son.
A creative painter from Liverpool is obsessed with computers. He has beautiful, blue eyes. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was nine. He has lips like pink cushions. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
A stable solicitor from Saturn is obsessed with rap music. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a chatty teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks exhausted. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He always carries a tape measure. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal passport.
A AGE teacher is angry about vegetarianism. He has a nose like a ski jump. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is a grumpy man from Ireland who can only see when his pet rat is in his pocket. He has crazy, white hair. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
A AGE father is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. On Fridays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a loyal man from a galaxy far, far away who can only dance at night. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a tape measure. On Fridays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a desperate man from Melbourne who can only dance at night. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel whilst abroad on holiday.
NAME is a young man from Houston who can only drive by day. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is a strict man from The Philippines who can only fly by day. Physically, he is built like a stick. He strongly dislikes hippos. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a reckless man from Northern Europe who can only read when he is upside down. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A fashionable teacher from Western Europe is obsessed with zombies. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his husband. On Saturdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE spy is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was two. People often compare him to a bossy statue. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was eight. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his son. He is particularly interested in finding a missing stone.
NAME is a gentle man from Houston who can only fly wearing a mask. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Fridays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
An AGE photographer is angry about violence on TV. People often compare him to a cute mountain. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE pop star is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was ten. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes his wife. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
An AGE zombie is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was two. He has beautiful, purple eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a colourful nurse who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE man is angry about politics. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is addicted to Plymouth. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is particularly interested in escaping from rehab.
NAME is age. He comes from a poor family. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was eight. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't sleep. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal dog.
NAME is a racist man from Indianapolis who can only read when the weather is wet. He has eyes like space rockets. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A silly builder from Sheffield is obsessed with piano keys. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE French student is angry about pretty much everything. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE wizard is angry about parking. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is a greedy man from Australia who can only drive at night. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't sleep. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a colourful man from Norway who can only drive when the weather is stormy. He has hair like a bird's nest. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't fly. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car.
NAME is a smart man from Manchester who can only laugh wearing a mask. He looks exhausted. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
An assertive father from Philadelphia is obsessed with light sabres. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a yellow cape. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A merry teenager from Germany is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Sundays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is an interesting carpenter who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks exhausted. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
An AGE swimming instructor is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was seven. He has eyes like the ocean. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
An assertive teenager from San Francisco is obsessed with envelopes. He looks exhausted. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE spy is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
A AGE biology student is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was ten. He always wears body armour. He comes from a middle class family. On Wednesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE surgeon is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was six. He has hair like a bird's nest. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
An outspoken manufacturer from Scotland is obsessed with sheep. He always wears skimpy clothes. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
A AGE radiologist is angry about racism. People often compare him to a geeky tree. He strongly dislikes his colleague. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE teenager is angry about being kept away from his colleague. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes hippos. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an admired father who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a walking stick. He is particularly interested in finding a missing torch.
A AGE teenager is angry about politics. He usually wears an orange dress. He strongly dislikes his wife. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE surgeon is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was one. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has hair like snakes. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE teenager is angry about racism. People often compare him to a colourful forest. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of killing his brother.
A nosy man from India is obsessed with piano keys. He has eyes like gemstones. He strongly dislikes flamingos. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to physics. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is an assertive swimming instructor who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't see. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
A AGE entrepreneur is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was three. He has beautiful, purple eyes. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his co-worker.
A criminal teenager from South America is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks young for his age. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his friend.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a cow at gunpoint.
NAME is an allusive teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears a PVC apron. He always carries two phones. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
An inquiring teenager from Seattle is obsessed with aardvarks. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a greedy man from Europe who can only swim it is full moon. He has hair like a bird's nest. He comes from a working class family. On Wednesdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to an easily-led cow. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A sarcastic photographer from Indianapolis is obsessed with rap music. He looks old for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kitten.
NAME is a brash angel who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Mondays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE pop star is angry about xenophobia. He has a nose like a ski jump. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.
A snobby father from New York is obsessed with green vegetables. He usually wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes his wife. On Mondays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has beautiful, white eyes. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
An AGE giant is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He always wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a batty shoemaker who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He always wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE zombie is angry about homophobia. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal potion.
A AGE teenager is angry about being kept away from his father. He usually wears false teeth. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car in the dead of night.
A AGE software developer is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was seven. He usually wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes hippos. His purpose in life is to become a senior surgeon.
NAME is a funny butcher who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is an entertaining man from Venus who can only smile wearing a mask. He looks approachable. He comes from a troubled family. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A conventional father from Western Europe is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE giant is angry about rising taxes. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his husband. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE media studies student is angry about rising taxes. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a fashionable biology student who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has lips like slugs. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE merman is angry about his football team losing. He usually wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal television.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was four. He has crazy, red hair. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a polite farmer who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a newspaper. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a disturbed man from Scotland who can only laugh when the weather is rainy. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
NAME is a wild man from San Francisco who can only walk after he has eaten toast. He always wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has been wrongly accused of killing his girlfriend.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was four. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
An AGE musician is angry about global warming. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is addicted to Australia. He always wears a red shirt. He comes from a middle class family. On Mondays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He always wears dark glasses. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is addicted to social media. Physically, he is built like a brick. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was twelve. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
A colourful man from France is obsessed with light sabres. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was eight. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
NAME is a terrible man from Chicago who can only eat when facing north. He always wears a green shirt. He always carries a tape measure. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is addicted to cycling. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a middle class family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
A AGE vampire is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was five. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A good author from Boston is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
An honest geography student from Venus is obsessed with light sabres. He looks old for his age. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE history student is angry about noisy neighbours. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE shop assistant is angry about parking. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is a militant man from Melbourne who can only dance when facing north. He always wears dark glasses. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE werewolf is angry about his football team losing. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to social media. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a brown umbrella. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
NAME is a fine man from San Francisco who can only laugh when facing north. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a pistol. He is particularly interested in finding a missing stone.
A AGE teenager is angry about pretty much everything. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has to save the world from killer a tiger.
NAME is addicted to computer science. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a rude man from Glasgow who can only walk the moon is in Sagittarius. He has beautiful, grey eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
NAME is a happy teenager who finds it hard to trust people. He looks approachable. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a disfigured man from Leeds who can only smile whilst balancing a ferret on his head. He usually wears green trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE merman is angry about noisy neighbours. He always wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an introverted man from Edinburgh who can only eat it is full moon. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread at gunpoint.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was five. He usually wears orange trousers. He always carries toothpaste. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
A kind father from Glasgow is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
NAME is a silly swimming instructor who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was four. He always wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a creative man from Seattle who can only drive it is full moon. He always wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes his husband. His purpose in life is to become a senior author.
NAME is a trendy author who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks exhausted. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
A sceptical man from San Francisco is obsessed with light sabres. He has eyes like planets. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal television.
NAME is a passionate librarian who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks approachable. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wooden spoon collection.
NAME is a boring man from Indianapolis who can only read by day. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A law-abiding teenager from Perth is obsessed with ghosts. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes sheep. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE teacher is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was four. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE goblin is angry about low-fat cheese. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a brave chef who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has hair like a bird's nest. He strongly dislikes flamingos. On Fridays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his mother. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a bossy man from Northern Europe who can only sleep at night. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a calculator. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a spontaneous giant who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has eyes like little planets. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal firearm.
A mystical father from Manchester is obsessed with envelopes. People often compare him to a mystical forest. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was four. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a happy family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is an adventurous software developer who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a merry man from Orlando who can only be seen when the weather is blowy. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE merman is angry about xenophobia. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
A AGE computer science student is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a well-loved man from Philadelphia who can only see when facing north. He usually wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A generous teenager from San Francisco is obsessed with envelopes. He has beautiful, purple eyes. He strongly dislikes his mother. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was four. He has lips like soft petals. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE electrician is angry about being kept away from his friend. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is a modest father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a modest horse. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his son.
A AGE librarian is angry about vegetarianism. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries a white umbrella. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
An immature father from Houston is obsessed with films. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his wife. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A respectable teenager from Australia is obsessed with green vegetables. He has hair like a bird's nest. He comes from a middle class family. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a loaf of bread.
A AGE teenager is angry about low-fat cheese. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a traditional man from Sheffield who can only eat at night. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a pistol. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
NAME is a smug man from Sheffield who can only drive when facing north. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A nosy chef from Los Angeles is obsessed with films. He has lips like little pillows. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a mean doll. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE postal worker is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread in the dead of night.
A AGE anthropologist is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was five. He has eyes like space rockets. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his colleague.
NAME is an admired werewolf who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He always wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes his colleague. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE monarch is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was seven. People often compare him to a silly statue. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was two. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a troubled family. On Thursdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was one. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a walking stick. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
A AGE teenager is angry about vegetarianism. He has hair like snakes. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
NAME is a boring postal worker who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a wand. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A reckless singer from Wales is obsessed with computers. He has beautiful, red eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was seven. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is angry about the recent jailing of his girlfriend. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wife.
NAME is a caring man from St Austell who can only smile wearing a mask. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a bad man from Western Europe who can only be seen when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. He looks smart. He comes from a happy family. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
A snazzy geography student from Indianapolis is obsessed with green vegetables. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a young man from Australia who can only smile when facing north. He has crazy, brown hair. He always carries a calculator. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
NAME is a xenophobic man from Melbourne who can only be seen when the weather is wet. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries two phones. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE biology student is angry about global warming. He has eyes like crystals. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE father is angry about his leaky teapot. He has eyes like little planets. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE angel is angry about violence on TV. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a brave man from Manchester who can only speak when his pet ferret is in his pocket. He usually wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a sweet man from Norway who can only drive by day. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a white cape. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An allusive politician from Phonix is obsessed with films. He always wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. On Sundays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a good man from Ireland who can only drive at night. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is an honest man from Dan Diego who can only drive whilst balancing a mouse on his head. He always wears false eyebrows. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
A kind shoemaker from Northern Europe is obsessed with dance music. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A snobby teenager from Los Angeles is obsessed with piano keys. He has beautiful, white eyes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A bossy biology student from Orlando is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
A dishy teacher from Plymouth is obsessed with chocolate. He always wears dark glasses. He always carries a magic bean. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is an old man from Toronto who can only be seen the moon is in Pisces. He usually wears grey trousers. He comes from a middle class family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his son.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has hair like a troll's. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on social media.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He usually wears a green dress. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of bad people.
An AGE man is angry about his leaky teapot. He has eyes like the ocean. He always carries a white umbrella. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't sleep. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was seven. He always wears black trousers. He strongly dislikes sheep. On Sundays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is addicted to biology. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a creative man from St Austell who can only read wearing a mask. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a lorry.
A AGE teenager is angry about his leaky teapot. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a middle class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a shy man from Hull who can only laugh after he has eaten an orange. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a happy family. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is addicted to social media. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a calculator. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a gentle musician who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was two. People often compare him to an invisible sheep. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car.
NAME is a helpful programmer who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was two. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes his father. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
NAME is a scheming man from France who can only be seen when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a giraffe.
A polite computer science student from Liverpool is obsessed with chocolate. He always wears false teeth. He comes from a broken family. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a colourful man from France who can only dance whilst balancing a parrot on his head. He has hair like a bird's nest. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
NAME is a musical man from Dan Diego who can only dance whilst balancing a mouse on his head. He has crazy, brown hair. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is a homophobic man from Germany who can only read when he is upside down. He has hair like a shimmering river. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a paranoid man from Sidney who can only smile it is full moon. He always wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning an aardvark.
A AGE postal worker is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He has hair like snakes. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from global warming.
A dishy swimming instructor from Seattle is obsessed with piano keys. He has lips like little pillows. He always carries a newspaper. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a passionate man who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an invisible man from Australia who can only sleep when he is hungry. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes his husband. On Mondays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a law-abiding man from the moon who can only fly at night. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a funny man from Sheffield who can only see when the weather is snowy. He has crazy, red hair. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of bad people.
NAME is addicted to biology. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He has to save the world from killer a postal worker.
NAME is addicted to sword fighting. He has hair like a shimmering river. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a naughty chef who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has eyes like saucers. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. On Saturdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a sleepy man from Europe who can only eat wearing a mask. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on local radio.
NAME is an individual fishmonger who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has crazy, orange hair. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't fly. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a traditional man from Australia who can only walk when he is hungry. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a posh man from Glasgow who can only fly at night. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes his husband. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is addicted to physics. He has crazy, brown hair. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car.
An AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was seven. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
An interesting nurse from the moon is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was eight. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a cow.
NAME is an academic man from Dallas who can only be seen it is full moon. He has crazy, blue hair. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE psychology student is angry about rising taxes. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a chicken.
NAME is a polite teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A respectable man from Washington is obsessed with envelopes. He always wears a white dress. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his neighbour.
NAME is a happy man from Chicago who can only smile at night. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
NAME is a rude man from Venus who can only laugh when facing north. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a lucky man from Dan Diego who can only smile at night. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in making pies out of paperclips.
NAME is a terrible man who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has lips like little pillows. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation.
NAME is a wild manufacturer who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes his son. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is an arrogant entrepreneur who finds it hard to trust people. He has crazy, red hair. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his son.
A cute electrician from Australia is obsessed with green vegetables. He has a nose like a beak. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A grumpy manufacturer from Saturn is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
NAME is an inspiring man from England who can only swim whilst balancing a skunk on his head. He always wears body armour. He always carries a magic bean. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is a merry father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a middle class family. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is angry about his leaky teapot. He looks relatively fit. He comes from an unhappy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is an introverted man from New Zealand who can only be seen after he has eaten pasties. He usually wears a grey shirt. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was two. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a white umbrella. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was ten. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes unicorn. On Tuesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a greedy teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a greedy dog. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a snobby fishmonger who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE shop assistant is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was three. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He has to save the world from killer a duck.
NAME is a chatty man who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a sceptical vampire who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a sceptical meadow. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his neighbour.
A AGE man is angry about low-fat cheese. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An extroverted engineer from Australia is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.
NAME is an outgoing man from Perth who can only read when facing north. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a magic bean. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has crazy, green hair. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A magical wizard from Boston is obsessed with computers. He looks exhausted. He always carries a pistol. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a pessimistic man from Eastern Europe who can only sleep when the weather is snowy. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a yellow cape. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE doctor is angry about homophobia. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
An AGE vampire is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to become a senior librarian.
A militant teenager from Liverpool is obsessed with films. He always wears a yellow shirt. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his partner.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was five. He always wears a black dress. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to drama. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his partner. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A rich vampire from Plymouth is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a poor family. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a happy man from Western Europe who can only read wearing a mask. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a funny man from Germany who can only eat by day. He has lips like little pillows. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE father is angry about low-fat cheese. He looks smart. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
A smug manufacturer from outer space is obsessed with light sabres. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes hippos. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a snazzy man from Wales who can only be seen by day. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is a rude man from Netherlands who can only swim when facing north. He has a nose like a beak. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to become a senior musician.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was five. He usually wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. On Tuesdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a criminal father who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears purple trousers. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow at gunpoint.
NAME is a terrible man who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears a black shirt. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He has to save the world from killer a duck.
A AGE monarch is angry about the recent jailing of his son. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his harpoon collection.
NAME is an inspiring media studies student who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears woolly clothes. He always carries an orange umbrella. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a sleepy man from Scotland who can only speak after he has eaten pasties. He has beautiful, red eyes. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was one. He usually wears a white dress. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. On Tuesdays, he likes to count his money.
A AGE teenager is angry about low-fat cheese. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A loyal radiologist from Norway is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a poor family. On Saturdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is an easily-led man from Hull who can only drive when he is hungry. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to an entertaining cat. He always carries a wand. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE teenager is angry about zombies. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a middle class family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal firearm.
A AGE engineer is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was twelve. People often compare him to a hard-working tree. He strongly dislikes his son. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal dog.
A judgmental swimming instructor from Melbourne is obsessed with films. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a wild man from Australia who can only see when his pet mouse is in his pocket. People often compare him to a wild doll. He comes from a poor family. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is addicted to The Philippines. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a modest man from Netherlands who can only dance at night. He has crazy, black hair. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a helpful man from San Francisco who can only eat by day. He usually wears false teeth. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was one. People often compare him to a corny mountain. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a pessimistic man from India who can only drive wearing a mask. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE anthropologist is angry about being kept away from his father. He usually wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE soldier is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A creative father from Dallas is obsessed with dance music. He has eyes like little planets. He always carries a white cape. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on social media.
NAME is an outspoken man from the moon who can only drive whilst balancing a canary on his head. He always wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is particularly interested in finding love.
An academic father from Saturn is obsessed with green vegetables. He usually wears dark glasses. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE physics student is angry about politics. He has crazy, yellow hair. He always carries a calculator. He is particularly interested in escaping from rehab.
NAME is a prejudiced man from Perth who can only see at night. He looks exhausted. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a spontaneous father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
A AGE monarch is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was six. He has beautiful, white eyes. He always carries a green umbrella. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a xenophobic man from Chicago who can only read when he is upside down. He has crazy, orange hair. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He has to save the world from killer a duck.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has eyes like the ocean. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal cabbage.
A AGE father is angry about being kept away from his fianc&eacute;. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was six. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a smart man from Orlando who can only sleep the sun is in Pisces. He has eyes like saucers. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of killing his fianc&eacute;.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was three. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a caring physics student who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has hair like a bird's nest. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
A AGE radiologist is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was six. He looks relatively fit. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE father is angry about zombies. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a newspaper. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE electrician is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was eleven. People often compare him to an irritable horse. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a grumpy computer science student who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has crazy, green hair. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a sweet man from Glasgow who can only swim it is full moon. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A conventional soldier from Sidney is obsessed with hippos. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a gullible man from Germany who can only swim when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE chef is angry about racism. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a loaf of bread at gunpoint.
NAME is a strict man from Plymouth who can only speak at night. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a strict family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal cabbage.
NAME is a forceful man from Toronto who can only be seen when he is hungry. He has lips like little pillows. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
An AGE painter is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was three. He has crazy, brown hair. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. On Tuesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a shy butcher who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to flying. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks approachable. He comes from a troubled family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud. NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries a magic bean. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
NAME is a happy man from Scotland who can only speak whilst balancing a canary on his head. He always wears a black shirt. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
An easily-led French student from Philadelphia is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has eyes like gemstones. He always carries a calculator. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a scheming man from Indianapolis who can only read when facing north. He has eyes like fish bowls. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. On Sundays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a kind man from Sweden who can only read when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE teacher is angry about politics. He has hair like a horse's mane. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has been wrongly accused of killing his girlfriend.
NAME is age. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a young man from Netherlands who can only dance when facing north. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is a colourful teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries two phones. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was twelve. He has crazy, purple hair. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an unlucky man from Norway who can only smile when his pet ferret is in his pocket. He has hair like a shimmering river. He strongly dislikes goldfish. On Thursdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a loyal man from Edinburgh who can only fly by day. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a radio show.
NAME is addicted to art. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a calculator. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is an individual man from Sidney who can only speak the moon is in Virgo. He has hair like snakes. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was five. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a car at gunpoint.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was thirteen. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has to save the world from global warming.

NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a shy man from Venus who can only smile it is full moon. He usually wears body armour. He always carries toothpaste. His purpose in life is to get home.
A merry author from Ireland is obsessed with ghosts. He has eyes like little planets. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is a thoughtful man who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a conventional man from a galaxy far, far away who can only read when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries a wand. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of paperclips.
NAME is a pessimistic father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has lips like soft petals. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a snobby teenager who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a stick. He always carries a magic bean. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is angry about vegetarianism. He has beautiful, white eyes. He comes from a poor family. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
A AGE shop assistant is angry about noisy neighbours. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his son. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
A batty teenager from France is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a grey cape. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks smart. He comes from a happy family. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a silly man from The Philippines who can only swim when his pet bird is in his pocket. He has beautiful, black eyes. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has crazy, green hair. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an irritable werewolf who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has eyes like space rockets. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is a well-educated man from Toronto who can only sleep when facing north. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE engineer is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was eleven. He looks approachable. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
An AGE man is angry about xenophobia. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Sundays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is addicted to diplomacy. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a tape measure. On Tuesdays, he likes to name small animals.
A modest teenager from The Philippines is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a wand. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
NAME is a gentle man from a galaxy far, far away who can only smile when he is hungry. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE entrepreneur is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was thirteen. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a lucky carpenter who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
A criminal swimming instructor from Leeds is obsessed with rap music. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a pistol. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a creative man from Canada who can only laugh whilst balancing a rat on his head. He has lips like pink cushions. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has a nose like a ski jump. He always carries a magic bean. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has eyes like crystals. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a greedy man from The Philippines who can only laugh when his pet bird is in his pocket. He has crazy, brown hair. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his colleague.
NAME is a wild man from Ireland who can only swim when facing north. He has a nose like a beak. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A good art student from Dallas is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a red umbrella. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE monarch is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was eleven. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE shop assistant is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was twelve. He looks young for his age. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel whilst abroad on holiday.
An inspiring doctor from Western Europe is obsessed with zombies. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. On Thursdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE lawyer is angry about xenophobia. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He always wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. His purpose in life is to get home.
A smug pianist from Netherlands is obsessed with films. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes his husband. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
NAME is a racist man from New York who can only drive when the weather is sunny. He has crazy, white hair. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A troubled man from Hull is obsessed with light sabres. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal potion.
NAME is a mean man from Edinburgh who can only dance when the weather is blowy. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his mother.
NAME is a gullible man from Netherlands who can only drive when the weather is stormy. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is a bad man from Sweden who can only be seen when facing north. He has beautiful, green eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
A AGE computer science student is angry about parking. He usually wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
A AGE spy is angry about parking. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a green cape. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a judgmental man from Denmark who can only eat when he is hungry. He has lips like little pillows. He always carries a pistol. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a cow in the dead of night.
NAME is an enigmatic shoemaker who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is an interesting man from St Austell who can only laugh wearing a mask. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a middle class family. He is particularly interested in finding a missing crystal.
NAME is a generous man from Washington who can only read when he is upside down. He has lips like slugs. He always carries a magic bean. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his brother.
A AGE programmer is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was twelve. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A respectable man from outer space is obsessed with zombies. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. On Sundays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to an adventurous aardvark. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his husband.
NAME is a careless man from Wales who can only eat after he has eaten cabbage. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting Prince William on local radio.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has beautiful, red eyes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a loving man from Perth who can only smile it is full moon. He always wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is angry about veganism. He always wears a black shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a traditional engineer who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has crazy, brown hair. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. His purpose in life is to become a senior farmer.
NAME is a fascinating man from Los Angeles who can only be seen at night. People often compare him to a fascinating hippo. He comes from a troubled family. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a naughty man from London who can only eat wearing a mask. People often compare him to a naughty forest. He comes from a strict family. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a geeky man from America who can only eat by day. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in making pies out of bad people.
A AGE librarian is angry about violence on TV. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A homophobic computer science student from America is obsessed with computers. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a radio show.
NAME is a law-abiding singer who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE librarian is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was three. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
A terrible teacher from Sweden is obsessed with computers. People often compare him to a terrible wolf. He always carries a red cape. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
NAME is a rude man from Canada who can only walk at night. He always wears body armour. He always carries a grey umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE merman is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was eleven. He usually wears a PVC apron. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
An irritable electrician from outer space is obsessed with piano keys. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
A dishy radiologist from Bristol is obsessed with computers. He always wears a purple shirt. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an ambitious man from Venus who can only smile whilst balancing a bird on his head. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is a colourful man from Plymouth who can only drive by day. He has hair like a troll's. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was three. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
NAME is addicted to art. People often compare him to a sarcastic sheep. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
An assertive man from Australia is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A stable manufacturer from Glasgow is obsessed with films. He always wears a black shirt. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a cow.
A AGE biology student is angry about xenophobia. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
NAME is a sweet man from Northern Europe who can only smile the moon is in Sagittarius. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes his husband. On Mondays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE electrician is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was six. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car.
NAME is a brash librarian who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He usually wears yellow trousers. He always carries a wand. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was twelve. People often compare him to a sleepy giraffe. He always carries a newspaper. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A well-loved teenager from Boston is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
NAME is a fashionable man from Norway who can only laugh it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has lips like pink cushions. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
NAME is a sceptical father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He usually wears woolly clothes. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
NAME is a paranoid man from Orlando who can only dance by day. He has beautiful, green eyes. He always carries a newspaper. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has eyes like crystals. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. He has to save the world from killer a sponge.
An entertaining postal worker from Australia is obsessed with envelopes. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a black cape. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE soldier is angry about noisy neighbours. He looks young for his age. He always carries a yellow cape. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a caring man from Dublin who can only read when the weather is rainy. He has lips like pink cushions. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stapler collection.
A vulgar father from Atlanta is obsessed with green vegetables. He usually wears a purple shirt. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of killing his neighbour.
NAME is addicted to computer science. He has beautiful, black eyes. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to become a senior shop assistant.
NAME is a well-educated man from Houston who can only eat at night. People often compare him to a well-educated kitten. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was three. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. His purpose in life is to become a senior shoemaker.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was thirteen. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car at gunpoint.
A AGE giant is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A musical merman from Houston is obsessed with zombies. He usually wears a pink shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle whilst abroad on holiday.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He always wears black trousers. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a musical man from Norway who can only fly after he has eaten marmalade. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is a trendy software developer who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears dark glasses. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An admired father from Plymouth is obsessed with films. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal firearm.
A AGE pop star is angry about global warming. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting Prince William on national television.
NAME is addicted to computer science. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Thursdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An immature fishmonger from Leeds is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a truck. He always carries a calculator. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes his husband. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to Toronto. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was eight. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is particularly interested in escaping from hospital.
NAME is a xenophobic man from Philadelphia who can only sleep by day. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
An AGE geography student is angry about global warming. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a wand. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a smug doctor who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is addicted to social media. He usually wears woolly clothes. He always carries a tape measure. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A trendy receptionist from Canada is obsessed with ghosts. He usually wears a PVC apron. He always carries a calculator. He has to save the world from killer a snake.
An AGE solicitor is angry about global warming. He has eyes like space rockets. He comes from a rich family. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a rude physics student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a generous father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has eyes like saucers. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a puppy.
NAME is a prejudiced angel who finds it hard to trust people. He looks approachable. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is an easily-led man from Sheffield who can only be seen when the weather is wet. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a happy family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE teenager is angry about homophobia. He usually wears dark glasses. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE teenager is angry about vegetarianism. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a calculator. On Saturdays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE superhero is angry about rising taxes. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
An AGE accountant is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was twelve. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE psychology student is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was one. He usually wears dark glasses. He comes from a middle class family. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
An honest giant from France is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks young for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a sheep.
NAME is a stable man from Birmingham who can only sleep by day. He usually wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes sheep. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A loving teenager from Truro is obsessed with zombies. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is a silly carpenter who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a helpful man from Los Angeles who can only be seen at night. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was eight. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a rich family. On Wednesdays, he likes to count his money.
A forceful professor from Manchester is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a calculating soldier who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a mystical geography student who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is addicted to social media. He usually wears false teeth. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has hair like snakes. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A colourful geography student from Melbourne is obsessed with envelopes. He has hair like a horse's mane. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
An adventurous lawyer from Glasgow is obsessed with films. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE giant is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was five. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about parking. He always wears a white shirt. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream whilst abroad on holiday.
NAME is a colourful man from Canada who can only smile when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. He has crazy, red hair. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his brother. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is an immature man from Germany who can only read when facing north. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is an unlucky man from outer space who can only read when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stapler collection.
A AGE lawyer is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was twelve. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A nosy monarch from Sweden is obsessed with flamingos. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks smart. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
A lazy professor from Phonix is obsessed with dance music. He has lips like soft petals. He comes from an unhappy family. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
An AGE engineer is angry about politics. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a corny man from France who can only smile when he is hungry. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a radio show.
NAME is a cute man from Phonix who can only fly when facing north. He looks smart. He always carries a calculator. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning an aardvark.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was thirteen. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has beautiful, purple eyes. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A AGE dentist is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. People often compare him to a traditional forest. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a bicycle at gunpoint.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his sister. On Sundays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is an allusive shoemaker who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to an allusive mountain. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A happy teenager from Canada is obsessed with hippos. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a fascinating teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to history. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wife.
NAME is an outgoing man from France who can only walk whilst balancing a canary on his head. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE physics student is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was one. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries a tape measure. On Sundays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE lawyer is angry about pretty much everything. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his hat collection.
NAME is addicted to media studies. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a middle class family. On Wednesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A brash receptionist from Indianapolis is obsessed with films. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a wand. His purpose in life is to become a senior swimming instructor.
NAME is a criminal man from Bodmin who can only see at night. He has a nose like a ski jump. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. On Wednesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a naughty photographer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has eyes like saucers. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He is particularly interested in making pies out of other people.
NAME is a brave man from Phonix who can only dance whilst balancing a gerbil on his head. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
NAME is an admired teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
An AGE man is angry about parking. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a calculator. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kangaroo.
A silly teenager from Hull is obsessed with dance music. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a middle class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE teenager is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He looks young for his age. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE angel is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was nine. People often compare him to a geeky forest. He strongly dislikes his wife. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
NAME is attached to a machine. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a well-travelled man from Washington who can only dance when the weather is sunny. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
A spontaneous teenager from Chicago is obsessed with films. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a racist man from Seattle who can only laugh when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
A AGE father is angry about his football team losing. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is age. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting Prince William on national television.
NAME is a kind man from Dublin who can only speak it is full moon. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to become a senior shop assistant.
A lazy software developer from Leeds is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. His purpose in life is to become a senior swimming instructor.
An AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was eleven. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is an unkind man who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He usually wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
An AGE drama student is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was nine. He looks smart. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE computer science student is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was four. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a xenophobic French student who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a xenophobic giraffe. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal potion.
A AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was one. He always wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A vulgar teenager from Denmark is obsessed with zombies. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing an ice cream.
A sceptical dentist from Sidney is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE teenager is angry about noisy neighbours. He has eyes like little planets. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an introverted lawyer who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
An honest vampire from Chicago is obsessed with computers. He looks old for his age. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a well-educated singer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to social media. He usually wears false eyebrows. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stapler collection.
A AGE wizard is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was nine. He always wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has to save the world from killer a sponge.
NAME is addicted to teaching. He looks exhausted. He always carries a wand. On Fridays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE man is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a magic bean. He is particularly interested in finding a missing shell.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is age. He always carries a wand. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE monarch is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. Physically, he is built like a brick. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has been wrongly accused of killing his fianc&eacute;.
A AGE singer is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was two. He looks old for his age. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is an adventurous man from Melbourne who can only sleep after he has eaten cabbage. He looks like he needs a good wash. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE musician is angry about low-fat cheese. He has crazy, purple hair. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
An arrogant man from Venus is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a broken family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a forceful man from Melbourne who can only laugh by day. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He always carries a pink cape. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He always wears skimpy clothes. He always carries a magic bean. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a cute man from Melbourne who can only read at night. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
NAME is a good shoemaker who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE wizard is angry about pretty much everything. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a mystical man from London who can only sleep at night. People often compare him to a mystical kangaroo. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a wild teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a wild tree. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to social media. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a magic bean. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
A AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was two. He has hair like a troll's. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't drive. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was three. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is addicted to geography. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He strongly dislikes his son. He has been wrongly accused of killing his sister.
NAME is a bossy photographer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has beautiful, white eyes. He comes from a troubled family. On Sundays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE teacher is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was five. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE shoemaker is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was thirteen. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
An ambitious electrician from Denmark is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his colleague. On Wednesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was eight. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE pop star is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was eleven. He usually wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE werewolf is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was three. He usually wears a yellow shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A conventional spy from Los Angeles is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't dance. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a vulgar man from Leeds who can only eat wearing a mask. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is addicted to computer science. He has eyes like space rockets. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE wizard is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was seven. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a dishonest man from Liverpool who can only smile at night. He usually wears orange trousers. He always carries an orange umbrella. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a terrible man from Phonix who can only see when his pet mouse is in his pocket. He always wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is addicted to Toronto. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE angel is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was thirteen. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a wand. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is an outgoing man from Northern America who can only sleep whilst balancing a rabbit on his head. He usually wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a calculator. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has lips like little pillows. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE art student is angry about violence on TV. He usually wears a white dress. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a racist teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal firearm.
A AGE anthropologist is angry about rising taxes. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
A AGE radiologist is angry about his football team losing. Physically, he is built like a cat. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a spontaneous man from Northern Europe who can only drive when facing north. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
NAME is a troubled man from Sidney who can only swim when the weather is rainy. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a tape measure. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is an irritable man from Brisbane who can only read at night. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. On Saturdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to kung fu. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes hippos. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has hair like a troll's. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an enigmatic man from London who can only dance when the weather is icy. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE programmer is angry about vegetarianism. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a magic bean. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A strict teenager from Bristol is obsessed with zombies. He has beautiful, white eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE engineer is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
NAME is an unstable man from New Zealand who can only laugh when he is hungry. He has beautiful, black eyes. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't sleep. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
NAME is a rude man from a galaxy far, far away who can only see when he is upside down. He always wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a funny pop star who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a funny tree. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a fine man from The Philippines who can only read at night. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a troubled family. On Tuesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a mean merman who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. On Sundays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE fishmonger is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was one. He has beautiful, red eyes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't swim. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was four. He usually wears a yellow shirt. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE nurse is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was eleven. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has to save the world from killer a postal worker.
A fashionable teenager from Scotland is obsessed with unicorn. He usually wears a pink dress. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
NAME is an inspiring man from South America who can only walk wearing a mask. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is an honest teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to an honest sheep. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from killer a sponge.
NAME is a happy man who finds it hard to do the right thing. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a stable father who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is an interesting man from Glasgow who can only read wearing a mask. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to France. People often compare him to a law-abiding kitten. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is addicted to dating. He has crazy, yellow hair. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is an admired man from Australia who can only fly whilst balancing a bird on his head. People often compare him to an admired mountain. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is an interesting teenager who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears a brown shirt. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Tuesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a smart merman who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. On Sundays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE wizard is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was two. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A well-loved merman from Mars is obsessed with films. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a grey umbrella. He is particularly interested in finding a missing child.
NAME is a colourful lawyer who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE vampire is angry about veganism. People often compare him to an individual doll. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. On Fridays, he likes to name small animals.
A helpful teacher from Northern America is obsessed with green vegetables. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He is particularly interested in finding a missing sock.
NAME is a careless man from Cambridge who can only dance when the weather is snowy. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He always carries two phones. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
A AGE giant is angry about noisy neighbours. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
An AGE pianist is angry about xenophobia. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries a newspaper. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his shoe collection.
NAME is a rich man from Oxford who can only walk the sun is in Aquarius. People often compare him to a rich giraffe. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. His purpose in life is to become a senior writer.
NAME is a corny man from Truro who can only fly the moon is in Capricorn. He always wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A loyal teenager from Los Angeles is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to a loyal kitten. He always carries a calculator. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
A shy pop star from Saturn is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries two phones. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A chatty father from Philadelphia is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a strict family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a lorry.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. His purpose in life is to become a senior fishmonger.
NAME is a young man from Norway who can only dance after he has eaten a banana. He looks smart. He always carries a green umbrella. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE merman is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was five. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries a newspaper. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. People often compare him to an inquiring statue. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE monarch is angry about veganism. He usually wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
A AGE radiologist is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was eight. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from global warming.
A boring receptionist from Netherlands is obsessed with films. He has beautiful, purple eyes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was four. He has hair like a shimmering river. He strongly dislikes sheep. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an unlucky man from Netherlands who can only smile after he has eaten carrots. He has beautiful, green eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was thirteen. He usually wears dark glasses. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a sweet man from Melbourne who can only swim when he is hungry. He has hair like a horse's mane. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE zombie is angry about being kept away from his neighbour. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
An invisible author from Philadelphia is obsessed with piano keys. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He always wears false eyebrows. He always carries a newspaper. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
A AGE man is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He always wears a PVC apron. He always carries a calculator. On Saturdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a musical man from Manchester who can only read at night. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is a corny man from a galaxy far, far away who can only see when his pet parrot is in his pocket. He has eyes like planets. He comes from a rich family. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords. NAME is age. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE teenager is angry about low-fat cheese. He has eyes like planets. He comes from a troubled family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.

A loyal physics student from Netherlands is obsessed with zombies. He usually wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes unicorn. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a gentle father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is a merry man from Toronto who can only walk when the weather is sunny. People often compare him to a merry tree. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has crazy, black hair. He strongly dislikes flamingos. On Sundays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A naughty teenager from Germany is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a brick. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to physics. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a wand. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
NAME is a fashionable man from the moon who can only be seen after he has eaten pasties. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
An attractive soldier from Glasgow is obsessed with rap music. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
NAME is a stable pop star who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has to save the world from global warming.
An AGE accountant is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was thirteen. He usually wears dark glasses. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is addicted to Dublin. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is particularly interested in escaping from from a burning building.
An intelligent man from Netherlands is obsessed with ghosts. He usually wears a yellow shirt. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
An inspiring painter from Sidney is obsessed with green vegetables. He has eyes like saucers. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. On Saturdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a chatty drama student who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears false eyebrows. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE father is angry about noisy neighbours. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a criminal man from Dallas who can only eat at night. He has a nose like a button. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE teenager is angry about his leaky teapot. People often compare him to a sarcastic meadow. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a well-educated man from Atlanta who can only sleep it is full moon. He has beautiful, pink eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a homophobic monarch who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a truck. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE teenager is angry about zombies. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his hat collection.
NAME is a xenophobic man from South America who can only be seen when he is upside down. He usually wears woolly clothes. He always carries two phones. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a lucky man from Glasgow who can only eat the moon is in Scorpio. He has crazy, red hair. He always carries an orange cape. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal potion.
A smart painter from Ireland is obsessed with films. People often compare him to a smart sheep. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in finding a missing soldier.
A AGE teenager is angry about homophobia. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE father is angry about politics. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. His purpose in life is to protect others.
An allusive pianist from Philadelphia is obsessed with envelopes. He usually wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is a batty man from Glasgow who can only drive whilst balancing a gerbil on his head. Physically, he is built like a truck. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a cute teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is a greedy postal worker who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
A xenophobic painter from Melbourne is obsessed with ghosts. He has lips like soft petals. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He has to save the world from global warming. NAME is a silly man from Ireland who can only walk by day. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries two phones. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation.
NAME is a disturbed man from Melbourne who can only dance when he is upside down. He has eyes like marbles. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.

A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE solicitor is angry about parking. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
NAME is a sceptical man from Atlanta who can only be seen at night. He has hair like snakes. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a bossy man from Africa who can only smile it is full moon. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He always carries two phones. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
NAME is a boring man from Bristol who can only dance wearing a mask. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a desperate hippo. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting Prince William on national television.
An AGE monarch is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. People often compare him to a racist doll. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is a law-abiding teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a pistol. He is particularly interested in making pies out of fruit.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
NAME is a strict teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a happy family. On Fridays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A colourful teenager from London is obsessed with envelopes. He has beautiful, orange eyes. He comes from a heavily religious family. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of paperclips.
NAME is an interesting man from Africa who can only fly when facing north. People often compare him to an interesting hippo. He comes from a happy family. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE entrepreneur is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was ten. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a geeky psychology student who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE teenager is angry about violence on TV. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a grey cape. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a grumpy man from Philadelphia who can only walk when he is upside down. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a walking stick. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a dishonest meadow. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing an ice cream.
NAME is a musical history student who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a musical giraffe. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE biology student is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was nine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities on local radio.
A magical vampire from New York is obsessed with ghosts. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to computer science. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries two phones. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
A AGE teenager is angry about politics. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE computer science student is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was eleven. People often compare him to a cute flamingo. He strongly dislikes anteaters. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
NAME is a kind surgeon who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a prejudiced man from Sweden who can only fly it is full moon. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE teenager is angry about veganism. He always wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
An academic doctor from Scotland is obsessed with envelopes. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has eyes like planets. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was two. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a troubled family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is an inspiring man from Melbourne who can only eat when he is hungry. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. On Fridays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is an adventurous man from Bodmin who can only sleep by day. Physically, he is built like a house. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is addicted to kung fu. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. He is particularly interested in finding a missing soldier.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't dance. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE singer is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was three. Physically, he is built like a truck. He always carries a grey umbrella. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A young merman from Western Europe is obsessed with dance music. He has eyes like the ocean. He always carries a wand. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was eight. He has hair like a shimmering river. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a passionate man from Boston who can only fly when his pet rat is in his pocket. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a loaf of bread whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a geeky forest. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
NAME is a snobby man from Mars who can only walk whilst balancing a canary on his head. People often compare him to a snobby dog. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
NAME is a disfigured French student who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a disfigured doll. He comes from a broken family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A conventional electrician from Seattle is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was four. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is an unlucky man from Chicago who can only be seen by day. He always wears a brown shirt. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a car.
A polite teenager from Norway is obsessed with envelopes. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't swim. On Sundays, he likes to name small animals.
An AGE psychology student is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was eleven. He has a nose like a beak. He always carries a newspaper. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a sheep.
NAME is a caring man from Plymouth who can only see when the weather is fair. He usually wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
A AGE dentist is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was five. He looks smart. He always carries a pistol. He has been wrongly accused of killing his partner.
NAME is an extroverted man from the moon who can only swim wearing a mask. He usually wears body armour. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An AGE man is angry about veganism. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes his partner. On Tuesdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a paranoid man from Plymouth who can only laugh whilst balancing a parrot on his head. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
NAME is a snazzy father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing an ice cream.
A AGE swimming instructor is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was one. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries two phones. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
A smug superhero from Northern America is obsessed with light sabres. He looks young for his age. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks smart. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
A AGE man is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a radio show.
A AGE media studies student is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was three. People often compare him to an enigmatic hippo. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a fashionable sheep. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A well-loved man from Australia is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
A conventional man from Norway is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a conventional giraffe. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE professor is angry about violence on TV. He has lips like soft petals. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is a vulgar man who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a bicycle.
NAME is a loyal chef who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE art student is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was seven. He has lips like pink cushions. He always carries a newspaper. On Sundays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was three. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
A AGE father is angry about zombies. He has beautiful, blue eyes. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to St Austell. He usually wears a PVC apron. He comes from a happy family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE werewolf is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was eleven. People often compare him to a traditional mountain. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an entertaining man from Liverpool who can only read when facing north. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a racist teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a newspaper. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has to save the world from killer a lion.
A bad man from Dallas is obsessed with light sabres. He usually wears grey trousers. He strongly dislikes his son. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a rich aardvark. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A modest soldier from Leeds is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a brave man from San Francisco who can only see when his pet rat is in his pocket. People often compare him to a brave giraffe. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is attached to a machine. He has hair like a horse's mane. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stapler collection.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries a magic bean. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a lazy geography student who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his sister. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a generous biology student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a happy family. He is particularly interested in finding a missing child.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has lips like pink cushions. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stamp collection.
NAME is an inquiring man from Birmingham who can only speak when he is hungry. He usually wears a pink shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a lorry.
NAME is a mean man from Plymouth who can only sleep by day. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a tape measure. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A terrible spy from Washington is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears red trousers. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. His purpose in life is to become a senior entrepreneur.
NAME is a bad giant who finds it hard to do the right thing. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from killer a duck.
A AGE father is angry about being kept away from his partner. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
A AGE teenager is angry about vegetarianism. People often compare him to a fascinating clock. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal firearm.
A chatty teenager from Hull is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an individual shop assistant who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to an individual giraffe. He strongly dislikes his mother. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an invisible man from The Philippines who can only read when he is upside down. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a good man from Africa who can only sleep when facing north. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries a calculator. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a bicycle in the dead of night.
A AGE teenager is angry about his leaky teapot. He looks young for his age. He always carries a green cape. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to glistening. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a purple umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal dog.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has crazy, red hair. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A fascinating entrepreneur from Houston is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has to save the world from killer a duck.
A AGE teenager is angry about homophobia. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
NAME is a strict man from the moon who can only dance when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE fishmonger is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An introverted entrepreneur from Dallas is obsessed with films. He has a nose like a ski jump. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a greedy man who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a greedy forest. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting Prince William on national television.
NAME is an outgoing man from Netherlands who can only walk after he has eaten a bagel. He has a nose like a ski jump. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
NAME is a musical man from Mars who can only speak it is full moon. People often compare him to a musical tree. He strongly dislikes his father. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is a boring man from New York who can only fly when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. On Mondays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a bossy butcher who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on social media.
A sleepy father from Wales is obsessed with computers. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a snazzy man from Bodmin who can only read by day. He has lips like slugs. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is a mean man from Northern America who can only drive when facing north. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE history student is angry about vegetarianism. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a calculator. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation.
NAME is a disturbed man from Norway who can only see the moon is in Capricorn. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen in a blog post.
A AGE angel is angry about noisy neighbours. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his harpoon collection.
NAME is an assertive man from Birmingham who can only eat at night. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has to save the world from global warming.
A brash man from Sheffield is obsessed with chocolate. He has lips like pink cushions. He strongly dislikes gazelle. His purpose in life is to become a senior superhero.
NAME is a pessimistic man from Mars who can only read it is full moon. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes goldfish. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
An irritable art student from Phonix is obsessed with films. He looks exhausted. He always carries a grey cape. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an immature man who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't fly. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
NAME is a loving man from Toronto who can only walk when facing north. He always wears false teeth. He always carries a pistol. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was three. He usually wears a grey shirt. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE receptionist is angry about his leaky teapot. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a hard-working entrepreneur who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a trendy father who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has beautiful, blue eyes. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A AGE wizard is angry about zombies. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is an interesting merman who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is an inquiring man from Northern America who can only dance when facing north. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries two phones. On Wednesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his husband. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to Washington. Physically, he is built like a stick. He always carries a newspaper. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE man is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He has crazy, brown hair. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
NAME is a funny man from The Philippines who can only laugh by day. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
A fine father from Glasgow is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a fine goldfish. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. His purpose in life is to become a senior engineer.
An AGE manufacturer is angry about noisy neighbours. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is addicted to drama. He usually wears woolly clothes. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on national television.
A AGE teenager is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
An AGE giant is angry about racism. He has eyes like marbles. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is an interesting man from Europe who can only walk when facing north. He usually wears a brown dress. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A sweet teenager from Wales is obsessed with ghosts. He looks young for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a nosy man from New Zealand who can only dance at night. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a white cape. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
NAME is an introverted man from Netherlands who can only see by day. He always wears purple trousers. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE media studies student is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was two. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from global warming.
A criminal man from Dublin is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was ten. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his partner. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE writer is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was eight. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
NAME is a pessimistic man from Indianapolis who can only drive it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE musician is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was twelve. People often compare him to a thoughtful mouse. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
A forceful lawyer from Hull is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A colourful drama student from Orlando is obsessed with flamingos. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Wednesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has hair like snakes. He strongly dislikes his partner. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was three. He has eyes like space rockets. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is an allusive man from Glasgow who can only smile the sun is in Pisces. He has crazy, blue hair. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
NAME is a dishy man who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a white umbrella. On Mondays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is an attractive physics student who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to an attractive horse. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a gentle man from Edinburgh who can only dance when he is upside down. He has a nose like a beak. He always carries two phones. His purpose in life is to become a senior farmer.
NAME is an unkind man from Manchester who can only fly at night. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has been wrongly accused of killing his father.
NAME is a well-loved angel who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A bad programmer from Netherlands is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to a bad wolf. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE man is angry about xenophobia. He looks old for his age. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his colleague.
A AGE teacher is angry about his football team losing. He looks young for his age. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is a smug man from Oxford who can only speak when his pet mouse is in his pocket. He usually wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a horse.
An AGE butcher is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was four. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE superhero is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was fourteen. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
A AGE pop star is angry about xenophobia. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE giant is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was five. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes hippos. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE software developer is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was thirteen. People often compare him to a colourful tree. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A troubled pop star from Sheffield is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was eight. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes his wife. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a brash fishmonger who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is particularly interested in learning to run a chocolate factory.
NAME is a merry merman who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has beautiful, black eyes. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE father is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He has crazy, grey hair. He always carries a walking stick. He is particularly interested in finding a missing soldier.
NAME is age. He always carries a pistol. On Sundays, he likes to count his money. NAME is a homophobic man from Glasgow who can only read at night. He has eyes like the ocean. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a trendy superhero who finds it hard to trust people. He has beautiful, green eyes. He strongly dislikes his partner. On Sundays, he likes to go jogging.
An AGE librarian is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was thirteen. He usually wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A lazy zombie from Truro is obsessed with sheep. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries a purple cape. On Saturdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was two. He has hair like a bird's nest. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an academic man from Norway who can only sleep when the weather is thunderous. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE father is angry about parking. He has crazy, white hair. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a lucky teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to cycling. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from global warming.

NAME is a strict geography student who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He usually wears a red dress. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of vegetables. A AGE dentist is angry about the recent jailing of his husband. He always wears dark glasses. He always carries a walking stick. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on national television.
A helpful teenager from Los Angeles is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.

NAME is addicted to cycling. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE werewolf is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was two. He has beautiful, orange eyes. He comes from a strict family. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a terrible man from Bodmin who can only swim whilst balancing a mouse on his head. He has crazy, blue hair. He always carries a wand. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
A AGE fishmonger is angry about zombies. He always wears woolly clothes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to become a senior shop assistant.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is addicted to drama. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a middle class family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
NAME is a gullible swimming instructor who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a sleepy father who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a sleepy clock. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
An introverted media studies student from Canada is obsessed with green vegetables. He usually wears a brown shirt. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE teenager is angry about pretty much everything. Physically, he is built like a cat. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. On Thursdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was nine. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on local radio.
A hard-working accountant from The Philippines is obsessed with light sabres. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
NAME is a creative man from Northern Europe who can only smile when facing north. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was seven. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
A AGE singer is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was three. He always wears a purple dress. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting Prince William on national television.
A AGE teacher is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was four. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a reckless man from South America who can only fly when he is upside down. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a disfigured man from Los Angeles who can only walk wearing a mask. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a middle class family. On Saturdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a stable man from St Austell who can only be seen wearing a mask. He always wears body armour. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE lawyer is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was thirteen. He has lips like little pillows. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE giant is angry about his leaky teapot. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from global warming.
A well-travelled computer science student from Orlando is obsessed with light sabres. He always wears woolly clothes. He comes from a middle class family. On Thursdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to drama. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes his sister. On Mondays, he likes to count his money.
An interesting accountant from Philadelphia is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a colourful man from Northern Europe who can only swim at night. People often compare him to a colourful puppy. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He always wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle at gunpoint.
NAME is an interesting man from Venus who can only laugh when he is upside down. People often compare him to an interesting kitten. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a sweet man from Netherlands who can only read when the weather is rainy. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a broken family. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a posh man from Sheffield who can only speak at night. He always wears dark glasses. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a sarcastic man from St Austell who can only eat when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is particularly interested in escaping from rehab.
NAME is an outspoken man from Bristol who can only speak the sun is in Leo. He has lips like little pillows. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
A AGE father is angry about vegetarianism. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A AGE lawyer is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was thirteen. He usually wears a pink dress. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a rude man from Northern Europe who can only sleep after he has eaten marmalade. He always wears a white shirt. He strongly dislikes his husband. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A well-educated chef from Eastern Europe is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his sister. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a spontaneous father who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wooden spoon collection.
NAME is a scheming man from Northern America who can only sleep when he is hungry. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his mother. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A generous father from Sweden is obsessed with ghosts. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a walking stick. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities on local radio.
A loyal carpenter from Venus is obsessed with hippos. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a tape measure. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to Washington. He always wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes his son. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wife.
NAME is addicted to video games. He usually wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is an unlucky vampire who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He always wears red trousers. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is a brave man from Seattle who can only eat the moon is in Pisces. He looks smart. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE history student is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was seven. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE nurse is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was five. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is an irritable surgeon who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He usually wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is angry about the recent jailing of his son. He always wears false teeth. He always carries a white cape. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE professor is angry about xenophobia. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from an unhappy family. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a wand. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an old father who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a vulgar man from Sheffield who can only smile by day. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in finding a missing shell.
NAME is a well-educated man from Africa who can only smile it is full moon. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
NAME is an inquiring pop star who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
An easily-led angel from Toronto is obsessed with light sabres. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries a grey umbrella. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE solicitor is angry about pretty much everything. He has a nose like a beak. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE doctor is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was seven. He has crazy, pink hair. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a law-abiding man from Perth who can only swim when he is hungry. He usually wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a wild man from Australia who can only speak when facing north. He usually wears pink trousers. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car. NAME is a lucky superhero who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. On Fridays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was four. He has hair like a horse's mane. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of killing his girlfriend.
NAME is a funny geography student who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
NAME is a geeky man from Africa who can only be seen when facing north. He has beautiful, brown eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a kind man from Atlanta who can only walk by day. He usually wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. On Wednesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE soldier is angry about rising taxes. He looks exhausted. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a strict family. On Thursdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a corny man from Bodmin who can only eat when the weather is blowy. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.

NAME is attached to a machine. He has a nose like a beak. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his fianc&eacute;.
NAME is a wild wizard who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
NAME is a nosy man from outer space who can only dance when he is upside down. He has eyes like space rockets. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is a dishonest man from Truro who can only fly at night. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
NAME is a modest man from Washington who can only read when he is upside down. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a good man from India who can only swim when he is hungry. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to become a senior dentist.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. People often compare him to a young statue. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE father is angry about vegetarianism. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes his mother. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is addicted to Orlando. He always wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
A AGE lawyer is angry about politics. He looks exhausted. He comes from a poor family. On Tuesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to Ireland. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He comes from a poor family. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was five. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a middle class family. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
NAME is a musical man from Glasgow who can only drive whilst balancing a gerbil on his head. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is an unstable man from Africa who can only smile at night. He has lips like little pillows. He comes from a troubled family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal cabbage.
A AGE father is angry about violence on TV. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a xenophobic man from France who can only dance wearing a mask. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. On Mondays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a rich man from Norway who can only smile whilst balancing a ferret on his head. He has lips like soft petals. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries two phones. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was one. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his husband. On Mondays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a modest man who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has crazy, blue hair. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
An AGE superhero is angry about politics. Physically, he is built like a stick. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has to save the world from global warming.
An AGE butcher is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was five. He always wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A mean man from Boston is obsessed with zombies. He has a nose like a beak. He always carries toothpaste. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is a dishy man from Toronto who can only see wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes his mother. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is an extroverted man from San Francisco who can only see when he is upside down. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
An AGE surgeon is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was fourteen. He has lips like slugs. He always carries a purple umbrella. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE man is angry about xenophobia. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A mystical man from Philadelphia is obsessed with computers. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
A AGE teenager is angry about violence on TV. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a gullible man from Leeds who can only read when facing north. He always wears blue trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud. A pessimistic nurse from St Austell is obsessed with envelopes. People often compare him to a pessimistic tree. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
A AGE receptionist is angry about his leaky teapot. He looks smart. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is addicted to mind-reading. He has beautiful, white eyes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE geography student is angry about rising taxes. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. NAME is a magical teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He always wears brown trousers. He always carries toothpaste. He has been wrongly accused of killing his daughter.
A respectable teenager from Saturn is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a sceptical entrepreneur who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his mother. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.

NAME is a gullible man from Plymouth who can only speak when facing north. He has a nose like a button. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.

NAME is a wild man from Dan Diego who can only laugh when the weather is blowy. He usually wears body armour. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
An AGE art student is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was four. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is addicted to social media. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes hippos. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a modest wizard who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his brother.
NAME is an arrogant father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a funny man from Boston who can only see it is full moon. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his mother.
NAME is a forceful man from St Austell who can only smile at night. People often compare him to a forceful clock. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was five. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on national television.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has beautiful, black eyes. He comes from a working class family. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE singer is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was ten. He has hair like a troll's. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past. NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a happy family. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has beautiful, purple eyes. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a geeky man from Melbourne who can only laugh at night. People often compare him to a geeky doll. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A kind biology student from Bristol is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was eight. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel whilst abroad on holiday.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was twelve. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a bossy father who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
An AGE engineer is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was four. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A trendy shop assistant from Denmark is obsessed with light sabres. He has hair like a troll's. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
NAME is a judgmental man from Seattle who can only walk when his pet bird is in his pocket. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
A AGE butcher is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was three. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.

NAME is a musical man from Atlanta who can only smile when facing north. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. On Thursdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a happy man from Netherlands who can only swim the moon is in Leo. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a troubled family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his mother. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a magic bean. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a terrible man from Manchester who can only be seen by day. He usually wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a sweet man from a galaxy far, far away who can only fly it is full moon. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE teacher is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was nine. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes his father. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was six. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a wand. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past. NAME is addicted to French. He always wears skimpy clothes. He always carries a walking stick. On Tuesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
An AGE father is angry about his leaky teapot. He has hair like a troll's. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is an adventurous French student who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to an adventurous kangaroo. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE chef is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was seven. He looks exhausted. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was five. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal dog.

NAME is an individual man from The Philippines who can only smile wearing a mask. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE soldier is angry about veganism. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. His purpose in life is to get home.
A thoughtful teenager from Manchester is obsessed with light sabres. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is particularly interested in finding a missing ring.
NAME is a sceptical computer science student who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is an entertaining father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has eyes like planets. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
A boring werewolf from Brisbane is obsessed with dance music. He looks old for his age. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from an asteroid. NAME is an enigmatic man from Birmingham who can only dance the moon is in Scorpio. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his insect collection.
NAME is a traditional man from Northern America who can only dance the sun is in Pisces. He has eyes like marbles. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is an ambitious singer who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He always wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
A AGE teenager is angry about pretty much everything. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion. An AGE vampire is angry about veganism. He has a nose like a beak. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.
NAME is a xenophobic man from New York who can only smile after he has eaten toast. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a white cape. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
NAME is a creative man who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has lips like little pillows. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle whilst abroad on holiday.
A AGE shop assistant is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was five. Physically, he is built like a truck. He always carries toothpaste. He has been wrongly accused of killing his fianc&eacute;.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a blue cape. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to mind-reading. He usually wears a PVC apron. He comes from a troubled family. On Wednesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.

A dishy father from Atlanta is obsessed with envelopes. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to Phonix. People often compare him to a grumpy goldfish. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Wednesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
A snazzy father from New York is obsessed with goldfish. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He always carries a wand. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
An honest biology student from Chicago is obsessed with kangaroos. He has a nose like a beak. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.

A AGE art student is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was fourteen. He looks approachable. He always carries a pistol. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
A stable nurse from London is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. On Wednesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a brown cape. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A lazy man from South America is obsessed with envelopes. He has hair like a horse's mane. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. NAME is addicted to swimming. People often compare him to an immature statue. He always carries a pistol. He is particularly interested in learning to run a knicker factory.
NAME is a sleepy man from Birmingham who can only sleep the moon is in Virgo. People often compare him to a sleepy tree. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is an attractive teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a blue umbrella. On Mondays, he likes to name small animals.
An intelligent merman from Chicago is obsessed with films. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE teenager is angry about racism. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. On Wednesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
An invisible man from Perth is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to an invisible hippo. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE shoemaker is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE zombie is angry about veganism. He usually wears a black shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has to save the world from global warming.
A scheming author from Perth is obsessed with rap music. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a strict family. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE writer is angry about global warming. He usually wears false teeth. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Thursdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A corny author from India is obsessed with ghosts. He has beautiful, green eyes. He strongly dislikes anteaters. On Saturdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a rude man from Orlando who can only sleep the sun is in Scorpio. People often compare him to a rude dog. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion. NAME is addicted to video games. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A magical teenager from Phonix is obsessed with light sabres. He has eyes like crystals. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE painter is angry about his football team losing. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE politician is angry about pretty much everything. He has crazy, white hair. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a fashionable wolf. He always carries toothpaste. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to an immature clock. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was fourteen. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. On Sundays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was eight. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a merry man from Cambridge who can only smile it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries a pistol. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
A well-educated vampire from Bristol is obsessed with films. He always wears false eyebrows. He always carries a pistol. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A batty pop star from Sheffield is obsessed with ghosts. He has eyes like crystals. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an inspiring teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has hair like a troll's. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.

A AGE man is angry about violence on TV. People often compare him to a mean kangaroo. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
A AGE fishmonger is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a sheep.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was five. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a chicken.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was eight. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
A militant fishmonger from Phonix is obsessed with films. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes his sister. His purpose in life is to become a senior shop assistant.
A AGE father is angry about global warming. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a lucky man from Liverpool who can only sleep it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.

NAME is an allusive man from The Philippines who can only dance when the weather is rainy. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes gazelle. On Tuesdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to social media. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a loaf of bread in the dead of night.
NAME is an outspoken butcher who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a tape measure. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE man is angry about rising taxes. He usually wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A creative vampire from Truro is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes sheep. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to history. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He usually wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE drama student is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was ten. He has eyes like planets. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a forceful man from Glasgow who can only read when he is upside down. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a tape measure. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a cute man from Northern America who can only read after he has eaten marmalade. He has crazy, blue hair. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a cow.
NAME is a troubled man from Sweden who can only sleep when he is upside down. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a magic bean. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A AGE teenager is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of paperclips.
A helpful teenager from London is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a helpful clock. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is an arrogant man from Phonix who can only speak the moon is in Scorpio. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
NAME is a magical teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a traditional dentist who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has lips like soft petals. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal cabbage.
NAME is an extroverted man from Seattle who can only fly when the weather is fair. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE soldier is angry about racism. People often compare him to a caring horse. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't swim. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus. A AGE zombie is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was three. He always wears a white dress. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his father. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stapler collection.
A fascinating engineer from Atlanta is obsessed with piano keys. He has a nose like a ski jump. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE electrician is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was four. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries toothpaste. On Sundays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was four. He has beautiful, green eyes. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a kind man from Orlando who can only drive when facing north. He has hair like a bird's nest. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting Prince William on local radio.
NAME is a disturbed father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes sheep. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was five. He has eyes like fish bowls. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
NAME is a fine man from Hull who can only see whilst balancing a rat on his head. He looks smart. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
A AGE teenager is angry about being kept away from his fianc&eacute;. He always wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in finding a missing child.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was four. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE angel is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE professor is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He looks smart. He always carries a calculator. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
An individual teenager from Los Angeles is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a snobby monarch who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has eyes like saucers. He always carries a brown cape. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE manufacturer is angry about noisy neighbours. He has hair like snakes. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his girlfriend.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was five. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of paperclips.
An assertive history student from Cambridge is obsessed with envelopes. People often compare him to an assertive meadow. He always carries a pistol. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE biology student is angry about global warming. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a working class family. On Thursdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A wild teenager from America is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a hard-working man from Liverpool who can only sleep the moon is in Capricorn. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a xenophobic art student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his father. On Saturdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a smart man from Sidney who can only see whilst balancing a skunk on his head. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his son.
A AGE father is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was one. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He strongly dislikes unicorn. His purpose in life is to get home.

A AGE musician is angry about his football team losing. He has beautiful, black eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal television.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is particularly interested in finding a missing ring.
NAME is addicted to London. He has eyes like the ocean. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of vegetables.
NAME is an unlucky man from Truro who can only be seen when he is hungry. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
NAME is a dishonest man from Sidney who can only see when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A naughty writer from Philadelphia is obsessed with films. He usually wears a pink dress. He strongly dislikes his husband. On Thursdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A passionate giant from Los Angeles is obsessed with envelopes. He has hair like a troll's. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a loving man from Manchester who can only be seen when the weather is sunny. People often compare him to a loving tree. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a brash man from Houston who can only sleep the sun is in Sagittarius. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is an introverted man from Truro who can only swim by day. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Tuesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a sweet man from St Austell who can only laugh the moon is in Aquarius. People often compare him to a sweet dog. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is a spontaneous man who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE soldier is angry about being kept away from his husband. He has crazy, brown hair. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE fishmonger is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was thirteen. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is addicted to Dublin. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE librarian is angry about violence on TV. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes his son. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is addicted to Dallas. He has eyes like planets. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
An AGE zombie is angry about politics. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes his father. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE father is angry about racism. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
A AGE postal worker is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was eleven. People often compare him to a colourful puppy. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
A well-loved farmer from Saturn is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a well-loved doll. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.
A AGE painter is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a magic bean. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes his son. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public on local radio.
NAME is a trendy man from Eastern Europe who can only sleep when facing north. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE surgeon is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was four. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on social media.
A dishonest spy from Birmingham is obsessed with computers. He has hair like snakes. He always carries a purple umbrella. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is an entertaining man from Orlando who can only be seen by day. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is a good solicitor who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
An intelligent superhero from Eastern Europe is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to an intelligent forest. He comes from a poor family. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a conventional man from Bristol who can only smile when he is upside down. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is a happy man from Dublin who can only sleep when he is hungry. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was seven. People often compare him to a disturbed mountain. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal dog.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is an admired teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a gullible psychology student who finds it hard to do the right thing. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has to save the world from killer a snake.
NAME is a bad man from Scotland who can only read when he is hungry. People often compare him to a bad aardvark. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
A shy teenager from Seattle is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He strongly dislikes his wife. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE man is angry about low-fat cheese. He looks approachable. He always carries a white cape. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a geeky farmer who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a geeky meadow. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries two phones. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a dishy media studies student who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE electrician is angry about being kept away from his sister. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a happy family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a brave man from Australia who can only speak when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a silly man from Truro who can only laugh the sun is in Aquarius. He has eyes like saucers. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a traditional electrician who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person into a volcano.
NAME is a loyal man from Oxford who can only speak after he has eaten carrots. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A gullible father from Birmingham is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a gullible hippo. He always carries a walking stick. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
An enigmatic man from Western Europe is obsessed with ghosts. He looks approachable. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal firearm.
NAME is an irritable man from Edinburgh who can only fly after he has eaten marmalade. He has beautiful, blue eyes. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a mystical father who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE angel is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was four. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A gentle father from Sheffield is obsessed with goldfish. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from global warming. NAME is addicted to selfies. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries toothpaste. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a mean man from Brisbane who can only laugh when his pet mouse is in his pocket. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a paranoid father who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears a brown dress. He always carries two phones. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a smart man from Saturn who can only eat when the weather is wet. People often compare him to a smart statue. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a shy psychology student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a magic bean. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
A AGE angel is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was five. People often compare him to a colourful doll. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about being kept away from his brother. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
An AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was two. He usually wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes his son. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He comes from a middle class family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.

NAME is a snobby man who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks exhausted. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car whilst abroad on holiday. A AGE teenager is angry about parking. He usually wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a prejudiced man from Oxford who can only smile when his pet rat is in his pocket. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank. NAME is a well-loved computer science student who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is a rich man from Manchester who can only speak when he is upside down. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a greedy man from England who can only read at night. He always wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
An ambitious carpenter from the moon is obsessed with computers. He looks young for his age. He always carries a wand. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a caring farmer who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has crazy, orange hair. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to mind-reading. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a strict man from Orlando who can only read when facing north. He has eyes like gemstones. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was seven. He looks old for his age. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
An AGE merman is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was five. He has beautiful, brown eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
An AGE father is angry about violence on TV. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries a wand. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE swimming instructor is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE teenager is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
NAME is addicted to kung fu. He has eyes like space rockets. He always carries a tape measure. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was seven. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.

An AGE surgeon is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was seven. He has beautiful, green eyes. He always carries a wand. His purpose in life is to become a senior engineer.
A AGE soldier is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was nine. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from global warming.

NAME is addicted to selfies. He usually wears a brown shirt. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to Norway. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is a rich man from Perth who can only see when facing north. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a shy biology student who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a shy doll. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Saturdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE shoemaker is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A brave physics student from Germany is obsessed with computers. He has beautiful, green eyes. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from killer a snake.
A generous zombie from the moon is obsessed with chocolate. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a tape measure. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was thirteen. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is angry about homophobia. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A strict receptionist from Sweden is obsessed with rap music. He has hair like a troll's. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his mother.
NAME is a fascinating man from St Austell who can only dance when the weather is hot. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was four. He has beautiful, white eyes. He comes from a poor family. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a sceptical man from Saturn who can only sleep it is full moon. He always wears green trousers. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is an invisible man from Plymouth who can only swim when he is hungry. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A fine teenager from Philadelphia is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE monarch is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was five. He usually wears a yellow shirt. He always carries a pistol. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A xenophobic father from America is obsessed with ghosts. He has eyes like planets. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He always carries a calculator. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a kind man from Canada who can only speak after he has eaten stawberry jam. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a calculator. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a well-travelled man from Oxford who can only eat when the weather is hot. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE photographer is angry about homophobia. He looks smart. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in making pies out of fruit.
NAME is a generous man from South America who can only laugh wearing a mask. He looks approachable. He comes from a middle class family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his husband.
NAME is an attractive man from London who can only speak when the weather is rainy. Physically, he is built like a brick. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE radiologist is angry about vegetarianism. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes his daughter. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a working class family. He is particularly interested in escaping from from a burning building.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was fourteen. He always wears false eyebrows. He always carries a pistol. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wife.
A law-abiding fishmonger from Indianapolis is obsessed with envelopes. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a mean man from Brisbane who can only fly when facing north. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
A AGE librarian is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. People often compare him to an ambitious statue. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an old man from Indianapolis who can only see when the weather is blowy. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
NAME is a paranoid man who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears a grey shirt. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
A bossy teenager from Los Angeles is obsessed with light sabres. He looks exhausted. He always carries a tape measure. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
An AGE manufacturer is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was two. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries toothpaste. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has beautiful, orange eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is an adventurous man from England who can only fly when his pet rat is in his pocket. People often compare him to an adventurous doll. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
NAME is addicted to sewing. He usually wears a purple shirt. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his wife.
NAME is a troubled man who finds it hard to trust people. He has crazy, black hair. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his sister. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE physics student is angry about violence on TV. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was thirteen. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
NAME is a silly man from Manchester who can only sleep when he is hungry. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his fianc&eacute;.
NAME is an invisible man from Atlanta who can only sleep the moon is in Scorpio. People often compare him to an invisible meadow. He always carries a purple umbrella. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
A AGE art student is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was ten. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his son. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is an arrogant teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has hair like a horse's mane. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
A law-abiding engineer from Cambridge is obsessed with piano keys. He usually wears red trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
An AGE pianist is angry about homophobia. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a pink umbrella. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE werewolf is angry about rising taxes. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was six. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A boring father from Canada is obsessed with zombies. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to history. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes his father. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He usually wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE superhero is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream many years ago.
A AGE politician is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was thirteen. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stamp collection.
NAME is a nosy man who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
An interesting farmer from Bristol is obsessed with zombies. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an extroverted teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He always wears white trousers. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a mean man from France who can only swim when his pet rat is in his pocket. He always wears black trousers. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was five. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his wife. He has to save the world from killer a tiger.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a broken family. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is an unstable receptionist who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes his father. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to history. He has hair like a bird's nest. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE father is angry about zombies. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He comes from a rich family. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a law-abiding man from St Austell who can only walk when the weather is icy. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a stable drama student who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has eyes like marbles. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
NAME is a passionate man from a galaxy far, far away who can only be seen when facing north. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a disturbed electrician who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from a working class family. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a careless man from India who can only see whilst balancing a ferret on his head. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread many years ago.
A AGE anthropologist is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was twelve. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a spontaneous meadow. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't dance. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is addicted to art. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
A AGE dentist is angry about xenophobia. He always wears black trousers. He strongly dislikes his mother. On Tuesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is an interesting man from Europe who can only speak when he is hungry. He has lips like little pillows. He always carries a magic bean. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing an ice cream.
An assertive giant from Sweden is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE computer science student is angry about global warming. People often compare him to a conventional mountain. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A thoughtful goblin from Birmingham is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a thoughtful hippo. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
A smart zombie from Wales is obsessed with rap music. He always wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
A AGE engineer is angry about pretty much everything. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a xenophobic man from Venus who can only be seen it is full moon. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
An AGE entrepreneur is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was four. He usually wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE spy is angry about being kept away from his fianc&eacute;. He has beautiful, orange eyes. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is an inquiring man from Western Europe who can only walk when facing north. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is particularly interested in escaping from enemy troops.
A AGE werewolf is angry about racism. He usually wears a blue dress. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Thursdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is an intelligent man from Atlanta who can only be seen wearing a mask. He usually wears a purple shirt. He comes from a troubled family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel in the dead of night.
An honest drama student from Birmingham is obsessed with light sabres. He has lips like soft petals. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE giant is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was twelve. He usually wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
NAME is a generous man from Seattle who can only dance it is full moon. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a middle class family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
An AGE biology student is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was eight. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his girlfriend.
A posh media studies student from Northern Europe is obsessed with aardvarks. He has eyes like the ocean. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his shoe collection.
A AGE soldier is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was one. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A vulgar electrician from Plymouth is obsessed with light sabres. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. On Tuesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a traditional carpenter who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a traditional doll. He always carries a newspaper. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
A fine teenager from Seattle is obsessed with piano keys. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is an inquiring teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has beautiful, green eyes. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is an outspoken man from Cambridge who can only see wearing a mask. He has lips like pink cushions. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has beautiful, orange eyes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
A AGE pop star is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was twelve. He has a nose like a beak. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
NAME is an outgoing man from Brisbane who can only be seen when his pet skunk is in his pocket. He always wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a vulgar man from Europe who can only swim it is full moon. He usually wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a disturbed man from Northern Europe who can only smile it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a mystical psychology student who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears green trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
A racist librarian from Los Angeles is obsessed with chocolate. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A AGE biology student is angry about vegetarianism. He looks old for his age. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE carpenter is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was five. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
An adventurous fishmonger from New Zealand is obsessed with computers. He has beautiful, purple eyes. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is addicted to flying. He always wears grey trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A snazzy giant from South America is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A caring wizard from England is obsessed with envelopes. People often compare him to a caring doll. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. On Mondays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE surgeon is angry about his leaky teapot. He looks approachable. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on local radio.
An enigmatic computer science student from San Francisco is obsessed with kangaroos. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a disfigured shoemaker who finds it hard to do the right thing. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a rich family. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He always carries a yellow umbrella. His purpose in life is to become a senior receptionist.
NAME is a careless man from Australia who can only eat the sun is in Scorpio. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was nine. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE computer science student is angry about pretty much everything. He usually wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE radiologist is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was twelve. He has crazy, purple hair. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is particularly interested in escaping from his roots.
An unlucky programmer from America is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to an unlucky aardvark. He always carries two phones. On Mondays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. On Sundays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE librarian is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was five. He usually wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A lazy teenager from St Austell is obsessed with piano keys. He looks old for his age. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was one. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of killing his wife.
An AGE man is angry about low-fat cheese. He has eyes like crystals. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
An extroverted man from Dublin is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to an extroverted forest. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a car.
A AGE man is angry about global warming. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has to save the world from killer a zombie.
NAME is a trendy man from Edinburgh who can only see when the weather is blowy. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE father is angry about noisy neighbours. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
A AGE receptionist is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a pink cape. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks exhausted. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
NAME is addicted to history. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries toothpaste. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was ten. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a happy family. On Fridays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has eyes like saucers. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is a happy man from Mars who can only laugh after he has eaten carrots. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a calculator. His purpose in life is to become a senior pop star.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was eleven. He has eyes like planets. He always carries a calculator. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was seven. People often compare him to a modest puppy. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal book.
A AGE author is angry about pretty much everything. He has crazy, orange hair. He strongly dislikes his mother. His purpose in life is to get home.
An AGE art student is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was one. He usually wears body armour. He always carries a brown cape. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to sewing. He always wears false eyebrows. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A passionate farmer from Dublin is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
A calculating author from Perth is obsessed with computers. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a poor family. His purpose in life is to become a senior superhero.
A AGE physics student is angry about his football team losing. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries a newspaper. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a smug geography student who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A colourful teenager from London is obsessed with piano keys. He usually wears false eyebrows. He always carries two phones. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE programmer is angry about his leaky teapot. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A gentle teenager from Denmark is obsessed with hippos. He looks exhausted. He always carries toothpaste. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
A respectable builder from Scotland is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. On Tuesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE monarch is angry about xenophobia. He has hair like a troll's. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A caring man from Europe is obsessed with rhinoceroses. He has eyes like little planets. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car many years ago. A AGE man is angry about low-fat cheese. He has eyes like space rockets. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was nine. People often compare him to a chatty doll. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a trendy doctor who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a troubled family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE goblin is angry about vegetarianism. He usually wears false eyebrows. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
A AGE radiologist is angry about his leaky teapot. He has a nose like a beak. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to become a senior shop assistant.
A AGE radiologist is angry about his leaky teapot. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is being killed by a dinosaur. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a desperate man from Eastern Europe who can only fly when facing north. He usually wears red trousers. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a rich man from Plymouth who can only drive after he has eaten pasties. He looks approachable. He always carries a white umbrella. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a disfigured accountant who finds it hard to trust people. He has beautiful, pink eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. On Thursdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to social media. He always wears a purple dress. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE zombie is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was ten. He always wears purple trousers. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is an unlucky geography student who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes sheep. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an invisible man from Chicago who can only smile when he is hungry. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a respectable man from Indianapolis who can only eat when facing north. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Fridays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has hair like a troll's. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a stable man who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears a brown shirt. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an entertaining man from Toronto who can only laugh at night. People often compare him to an entertaining forest. He always carries a purple umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.

A paranoid builder from Germany is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears a blue dress. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is addicted to Sidney. He has lips like pink cushions. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
NAME is an entertaining teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. On Saturdays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE man is angry about zombies. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A respectable farmer from South America is obsessed with zombies. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A hard-working butcher from Bristol is obsessed with computers. He has hair like a horse's mane. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a prejudiced father who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
A AGE teenager is angry about zombies. He usually wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public in a blog post.
NAME is a well-loved man from Western Europe who can only swim whilst balancing a rabbit on his head. People often compare him to a well-loved doll. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a merry solicitor who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a brash man from a galaxy far, far away who can only speak the sun is in Libra. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
An AGE man is angry about pretty much everything. He always wears blue trousers. He always carries a newspaper. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE dentist is angry about pretty much everything. He has beautiful, white eyes. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is a passionate biology student who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears dark glasses. He always carries a pistol. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders. A AGE media studies student is angry about racism. He has beautiful, black eyes. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal cabbage.
NAME is addicted to Europe. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal potion.
A AGE man is angry about global warming. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a walking stick. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE chef is angry about politics. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car.
NAME is an academic man from Leeds who can only smile when he is hungry. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes hippos. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.

NAME is a dishonest man from London who can only dance at night. Physically, he is built like a cat. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of killing his wife.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was five. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a modest man from America who can only dance when the weather is sunny. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting Prince William in a blog post.
NAME is a thoughtful engineer who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has lips like soft petals. He always carries a newspaper. He is particularly interested in escaping from an unhappy home situation.
NAME is an admired man from Sheffield who can only swim when facing north. He has hair like a horse's mane. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. On Sundays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a brave musician who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears an orange shirt. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities on national television.
NAME is a scheming man from Scotland who can only speak when facing north. People often compare him to a scheming aardvark. He always carries a pistol. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a scheming man from London who can only sleep at night. He looks smart. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a careless psychology student who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries a white cape. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a snazzy man who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE entrepreneur is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was ten. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a pink umbrella. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was seven. He has hair like a bird's nest. He always carries a white cape. On Thursdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was eight. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a chicken.
NAME is a fashionable media studies student who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has crazy, white hair. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes sheep. On Sundays, he likes to count his money.
A AGE media studies student is angry about violence on TV. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from killer a snake.
A forceful teenager from Leeds is obsessed with chocolate. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes his partner. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a calculator. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a sarcastic vampire who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A batty teenager from Cambridge is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a stick. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE teenager is angry about global warming. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE fishmonger is angry about global warming. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A AGE merman is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was nine. People often compare him to a rude aardvark. He strongly dislikes his sister. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A dishonest merman from Australia is obsessed with dance music. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a blue cape. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE giant is angry about low-fat cheese. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on local radio.
NAME is a colourful dentist who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was ten. He has eyes like planets. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a mouse.
NAME is a reckless man from Saturn who can only read when his pet skunk is in his pocket. He has eyes like marbles. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a generous man from Dublin who can only read wearing a mask. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an inspiring man from Sheffield who can only read after he has eaten cabbage. He usually wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE history student is angry about homophobia. He always wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
NAME is an introverted teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is particularly interested in making pies out of paperclips.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a fine statue. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE teenager is angry about veganism. People often compare him to an assertive kangaroo. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
An unkind werewolf from Edinburgh is obsessed with computers. He has a nose like a beak. He strongly dislikes his daughter. On Thursdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A sleepy accountant from Bodmin is obsessed with envelopes. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A magical history student from Australia is obsessed with rap music. He has hair like a horse's mane. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is age. He always carries a magic bean. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an assertive wizard who finds it hard to trust people. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes flamingos. On Thursdays, he likes to count his money.
A AGE wizard is angry about racism. He has beautiful, brown eyes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
A forceful computer science student from San Francisco is obsessed with rap music. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal potion.
NAME is a calculating man from Philadelphia who can only eat after he has eaten a banana. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his son. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is addicted to Los Angeles. He has eyes like planets. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE biology student is angry about global warming. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He always carries a white umbrella. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to France. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He comes from a troubled family. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an irritable man from Liverpool who can only swim the sun is in Virgo. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries a pink cape. On Sundays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an easily-led man from Australia who can only see it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is addicted to Cambridge. He has beautiful, black eyes. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
A posh pianist from Washington is obsessed with computers. He looks old for his age. He comes from a troubled family. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was one. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was nine. He has a nose like a beak. He comes from a happy family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is an individual pop star who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to Boston. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has eyes like planets. He comes from a broken family. On Wednesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a shy teacher who finds it hard to tell the truth. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on social media.
NAME is a smug father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has crazy, blue hair. He strongly dislikes goldfish. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
An individual monarch from Venus is obsessed with dance music. He usually wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a naughty man from Venus who can only speak when the weather is hot. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes gazelle. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a well-travelled man from Washington who can only laugh by day. He always wears a purple shirt. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
A AGE librarian is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was thirteen. He looks young for his age. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
A AGE engineer is angry about the recent jailing of his brother. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries a magic bean. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a snazzy carpenter who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a snazzy doll. He strongly dislikes anteaters. His purpose in life is to become a senior shoemaker.
NAME is an unstable man from Bodmin who can only laugh after he has eaten toast. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A racist electrician from Bodmin is obsessed with films. He looks old for his age. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was six. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE builder is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was three. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. His purpose in life is to become a senior author.
NAME is an immature man who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears false teeth. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a well-travelled man from Denmark who can only swim when his pet parrot is in his pocket. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has to save the world from killer a lion.
NAME is a rude politician who finds it hard to trust people. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a strict family. On Thursdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is an introverted man from Norway who can only see wearing a mask. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has crazy, black hair. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.
A AGE superhero is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was four. He always wears green trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a law-abiding builder who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has eyes like marbles. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. On Wednesdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE fishmonger is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was one. People often compare him to a fascinating clock. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is addicted to Seattle. He usually wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal dog.
A musical werewolf from Manchester is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to a musical flamingo. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
An AGE goblin is angry about veganism. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his son.
NAME is addicted to campaigning. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a well-loved man from Bodmin who can only eat when he is upside down. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is particularly interested in escaping from hospital.
NAME is a fascinating man from Truro who can only fly it is full moon. He looks approachable. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
A traditional physics student from Eastern Europe is obsessed with chocolate. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes flamingos. On Thursdays, he likes to name small animals.
A rude teenager from Ireland is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a rude meadow. He strongly dislikes his father. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
NAME is a magical pop star who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
NAME is an arrogant man who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An inquiring farmer from France is obsessed with rap music. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a greedy chicken. He comes from a happy family. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a militant man from New Zealand who can only walk when he is upside down. People often compare him to a militant mouse. He strongly dislikes his partner. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a criminal teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes goldfish. On Fridays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a chatty doctor who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a chatty wolf. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is an easily-led manufacturer who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to an easily-led doll. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was one. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a middle class family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
NAME is age. He always carries two phones. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a strict man from Eastern Europe who can only eat the moon is in Sagittarius. He has beautiful, purple eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is an unlucky man from India who can only speak when his pet mouse is in his pocket. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
NAME is a silly man from Bodmin who can only dance the moon is in Scorpio. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A colourful spy from Eastern Europe is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a strict family. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE musician is angry about racism. He has lips like little pillows. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is an assertive man from a galaxy far, far away who can only laugh at night. People often compare him to an assertive mountain. He always carries a magic bean. He is particularly interested in escaping from his roots.
A paranoid teenager from Dublin is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An old vampire from Bristol is obsessed with envelopes. He has hair like snakes. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was twelve. He has hair like a shimmering river. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has been wrongly accused of killing his co-worker.
A wild French student from The Philippines is obsessed with zombies. He usually wears white trousers. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
NAME is a helpful man from Sidney who can only see wearing a mask. He has beautiful, pink eyes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting Prince William on social media.
A AGE father is angry about xenophobia. He has crazy, purple hair. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A strict teenager from Phonix is obsessed with dance music. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE computer science student is angry about vegetarianism. He looks exhausted. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal passport.
NAME is a merry teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel whilst abroad on holiday.
NAME is a dishy man from Ireland who can only walk by day. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on national television.
NAME is a reckless man from Brisbane who can only smile it is full moon. He looks relatively fit. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a naughty man from Denmark who can only laugh when the weather is rainy. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
NAME is addicted to Norway. He usually wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kitten.
A lucky monarch from India is obsessed with dance music. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE anthropologist is angry about parking. He has crazy, blue hair. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to physics. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of paperclips.
NAME is addicted to video games. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from an unhappy family. On Saturdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE photographer is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was ten. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
NAME is a rich man from Ireland who can only see when the weather is hot. He has lips like soft petals. He always carries toothpaste. On Sundays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is age. He comes from a happy family. On Tuesdays, he likes to name small animals.
A colourful accountant from Africa is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to a colourful clock. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
NAME is an interesting man from Hull who can only read when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. He has lips like little pillows. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is particularly interested in finding a missing ring.
NAME is a nosy anthropologist who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears dark glasses. He always carries a white umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
NAME is an allusive doctor who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to psychology. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a criminal teenager who finds it hard to trust people. He has a nose like a beak. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after hijacking a podcast.
An invisible teenager from Venus is obsessed with piano keys. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has to save the world from killer a zombie.
A prejudiced drama student from Phonix is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a prejudiced forest. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A criminal politician from Sidney is obsessed with chocolate. He has beautiful, green eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE entrepreneur is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was four. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE merman is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was ten. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a poor family. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
A racist engineer from Brisbane is obsessed with rap music. He looks exhausted. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from killer a sponge.
NAME is a smart man from Glasgow who can only read whilst balancing a skunk on his head. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries an orange umbrella. He is particularly interested in learning to run a chocolate factory.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a rude teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a rude doll. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
A boring teenager from England is obsessed with chocolate. He looks old for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a mystical teenager who finds it hard to trust people. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal television.
NAME is a creative politician who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
A AGE werewolf is angry about vegetarianism. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a grey umbrella. His purpose in life is to become a senior librarian.
NAME is a careless man from Venus who can only read it is full moon. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a wand. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an adventurous man from Sheffield who can only dance when he is hungry. People often compare him to an adventurous forest. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A troubled politician from a galaxy far, far away is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
NAME is a naughty man from Canada who can only eat when his pet rat is in his pocket. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE goblin is angry about pretty much everything. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a walking stick. He is particularly interested in finding a missing sock.
A AGE singer is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was six. He has lips like pink cushions. He strongly dislikes his son. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was two. He looks old for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
NAME is an adventurous man from outer space who can only dance when facing north. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from killer a postal worker.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
A AGE man is angry about global warming. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes his father. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
NAME is a caring teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE carpenter is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was eleven. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE physics student is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car.
A AGE chef is angry about violence on TV. He always wears false eyebrows. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is a loyal man from Manchester who can only dance whilst balancing a gerbil on his head. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He is particularly interested in escaping from enemy troops.
A calculating teenager from Phonix is obsessed with dance music. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
A AGE zombie is angry about noisy neighbours. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a middle class family. On Saturdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a musical man from Bodmin who can only see by day. He has crazy, brown hair. He comes from an unhappy family. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
A AGE father is angry about rising taxes. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A colourful angel from Germany is obsessed with kangaroos. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a grey cape. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is a conventional man from South America who can only fly at night. People often compare him to a conventional cat. He strongly dislikes hippos. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE biology student is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was ten. He always wears body armour. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
NAME is addicted to kung fu. He always wears a red dress. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
NAME is a modest man from London who can only sleep when his pet canary is in his pocket. He always wears dark glasses. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
A AGE history student is angry about low-fat cheese. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes his son. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a corny French student who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Thursdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A AGE teenager is angry about rising taxes. He has crazy, white hair. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is addicted to history. He has crazy, yellow hair. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A AGE father is angry about his leaky teapot. He looks smart. He always carries two phones. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is a well-educated doctor who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is an individual geography student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was two. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. On Fridays, he likes to catalogue his successes. A homophobic goblin from outer space is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his husband. On Tuesdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE entrepreneur is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was thirteen. Physically, he is built like a stick. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a mouse.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was one. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a lorry.

NAME is a sweet man from France who can only fly when he is upside down. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
NAME is a sweet father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his daughter. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is an outspoken politician who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to an outspoken hippo. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a criminal man from Leeds who can only fly after he has eaten sausages. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his friend. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a silly man from Phonix who can only swim at night. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his husband.
NAME is a brave father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks as though he has seen better days. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
NAME is addicted to flying. People often compare him to an assertive cat. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a strict family. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is angry about rising taxes. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A caring media studies student from Washington is obsessed with ghosts. He always wears woolly clothes. He strongly dislikes hippos. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a fine man from St Austell who can only sleep after he has eaten stawberry jam. He always wears false teeth. He always carries a pistol. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
An interesting teenager from Norway is obsessed with light sabres. He has crazy, grey hair. He comes from an unhappy family. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is an easily-led goblin who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to an easily-led statue. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a xenophobic teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. On Fridays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a kind man from Norway who can only eat when he is hungry. People often compare him to a kind statue. He strongly dislikes his father. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was thirteen. He looks approachable. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is an outspoken zombie who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was nine. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his son. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a militant man from Germany who can only dance by day. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. On Sundays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a sleepy man who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He usually wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes his husband. He has been wrongly accused of killing his mother.
A pessimistic pianist from Indianapolis is obsessed with ghosts. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a calculator. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a mystical man from Hull who can only swim when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. On Thursdays, he likes to count his money.
A AGE shoemaker is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was ten. He has lips like slugs. He strongly dislikes his son. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an introverted man from Washington who can only dance it is full moon. He looks exhausted. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE wizard is angry about his leaky teapot. He has hair like a shimmering river. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE accountant is angry about politics. He has lips like little pillows. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a silly man from Glasgow who can only walk whilst balancing a bird on his head. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a happy man from Truro who can only fly whilst balancing a mouse on his head. People often compare him to a happy goldfish. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a kind man from Dallas who can only speak it is full moon. He has beautiful, pink eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a batty man who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
NAME is a polite nurse who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has crazy, green hair. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He has to save the world from killer a lion.
An adventurous teenager from Ireland is obsessed with light sabres. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from a middle class family. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
An introverted computer science student from Australia is obsessed with light sabres. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has beautiful, white eyes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from killer a tiger.
NAME is a mean man from Washington who can only swim when he is upside down. People often compare him to a mean tree. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from killer a zombie.
NAME is a silly teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears woolly clothes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A respectable dentist from Seattle is obsessed with dance music. He has beautiful, blue eyes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes his father. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal passport.
NAME is a kind man from Africa who can only be seen the moon is in Leo. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
A terrible physics student from outer space is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a sceptical man from a galaxy far, far away who can only laugh at night. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. On Thursdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
An unkind teenager from Liverpool is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to an unkind hippo. He comes from an unhappy family. On Wednesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is addicted to Canada. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was two. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is addicted to media studies. He has lips like little pillows. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. On Saturdays, he likes to name small animals.
A thoughtful father from Edinburgh is obsessed with films. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president in a blog post.
An AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was ten. People often compare him to a funny kangaroo. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in finding a missing crystal. NAME is a homophobic man from Toronto who can only dance wearing a mask. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president on national television.
NAME is a brash man from Atlanta who can only swim wearing a mask. He always wears an orange shirt. He comes from an unhappy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was seven. He usually wears red trousers. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't sleep. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
A AGE media studies student is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He has beautiful, black eyes. He always carries a walking stick. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a conventional man from Glasgow who can only dance wearing a mask. People often compare him to a conventional goldfish. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to teaching. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal passport.
NAME is a stable man from New York who can only speak wearing a mask. He has crazy, yellow hair. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of fruit.

A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a nosy goldfish. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE man is angry about violence on TV. He has beautiful, green eyes. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a wild man from Melbourne who can only eat when the weather is hot. He usually wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a careless wizard who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has lips like soft petals. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a cow.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was seven. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has crazy, orange hair. He always carries a purple cape. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A AGE teenager is angry about his leaky teapot. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE angel is angry about global warming. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
NAME is a well-loved man from Northern America who can only speak at night. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a shy wizard who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a newspaper. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE fishmonger is angry about low-fat cheese. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was one. He has hair like a shimmering river. He always carries a white umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was thirteen. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
A AGE chef is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was thirteen. People often compare him to a generous sheep. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
NAME is a well-educated man from Manchester who can only see when facing north. People often compare him to a well-educated giraffe. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was eight. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is a creative man from the moon who can only be seen when he is upside down. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He is particularly interested in learning to run a candle factory.
A helpful pianist from Liverpool is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on social media.
NAME is a respectable man from Australia who can only be seen by day. People often compare him to a respectable sheep. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
NAME is an invisible butcher who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An allusive father from San Francisco is obsessed with piano keys. He has a nose like a ski jump. He comes from a happy family. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has a nose like a button. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. His purpose in life is to get home.
A pessimistic computer science student from Northern America is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He strongly dislikes his son. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a disturbed man who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks as though he has seen better days. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A smart shoemaker from Venus is obsessed with ghosts. He has beautiful, blue eyes. He comes from a poor family. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to history. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes sheep. His purpose in life is to get home.
A gentle politician from Venus is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
NAME is an honest man from the moon who can only read it is full moon. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was eight. He always wears a grey dress. He always carries a black cape. He is particularly interested in learning to run a candle factory.
NAME is an easily-led man from Canada who can only drive whilst balancing a gerbil on his head. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a rich family. He is particularly interested in making pies out of paperclips.
A modest accountant from Northern Europe is obsessed with envelopes. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
A AGE drama student is angry about racism. He always wears body armour. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow. NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An unlucky lawyer from Canada is obsessed with envelopes. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.

A AGE carpenter is angry about veganism. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal dog.
A AGE spy is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was nine. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes his mother. He is particularly interested in finding a missing stone.
A AGE superhero is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He has eyes like marbles. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a fascinating man from New Zealand who can only sleep whilst balancing a rabbit on his head. He always wears brown trousers. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE doctor is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was six. He has eyes like marbles. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was eight. He looks smart. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A colourful teenager from Washington is obsessed with envelopes. People often compare him to a colourful clock. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a horse.
A AGE librarian is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was three. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. On Tuesdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is a young father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a strict family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
NAME is an inspiring man from Denmark who can only see by day. He usually wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
A smug teenager from Bodmin is obsessed with films. He looks young for his age. He comes from a working class family. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is a terrible man from London who can only see when he is upside down. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a calculator. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is a vulgar man from Venus who can only sleep when he is upside down. He has beautiful, orange eyes. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a batty shoemaker who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a middle class family. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a lucky biology student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He usually wears false eyebrows. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
A AGE teenager is angry about racism. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A lazy teenager from Washington is obsessed with piano keys. He looks old for his age. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He is particularly interested in listening to mp3s played backwards.
NAME is addicted to computer science. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries a grey umbrella. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was thirteen. He usually wears a white shirt. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from killer a zombie.
NAME is a bad monarch who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes goldfish. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
A bad soldier from Denmark is obsessed with anteaters. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from a rich family. On Saturdays, he likes to count his money.
A AGE surgeon is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was two. He looks young for his age. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to New York. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
NAME is a criminal man from New Zealand who can only speak at night. He always wears a brown shirt. He always carries a yellow cape. On Sundays, he likes to protest injustice.
An allusive teenager from Dallas is obsessed with piano keys. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A brash fishmonger from Perth is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car. NAME is a disfigured radiologist who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has crazy, brown hair. He always carries a calculator. On Saturdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a sceptical history student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes his son. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
NAME is a colourful teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A scheming swimming instructor from Oxford is obsessed with light sabres. He always wears yellow trousers. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a lorry.
NAME is age. He always carries a calculator. On Thursdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a traditional nurse who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to a traditional meadow. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to social media. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE teenager is angry about parking. He has beautiful, red eyes. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is particularly interested in escaping from his roots.
A conventional teenager from Glasgow is obsessed with chocolate. People often compare him to a conventional goldfish. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE zombie is angry about veganism. People often compare him to a chatty statue. He comes from a happy family. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a militant man from Sidney who can only drive it is full moon. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. His purpose in life is to get home.
An unstable singer from Dan Diego is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to an unstable forest. He always carries a white cape. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a snazzy man from Philadelphia who can only drive when the weather is thunderous. He always wears woolly clothes. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to cycling. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. On Mondays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is an arrogant man from Eastern Europe who can only laugh wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a batty man from Philadelphia who can only swim when the weather is hot. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.

NAME is a caring man from Houston who can only laugh wearing a mask. He has lips like pink cushions. He strongly dislikes his husband. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A homophobic engineer from Phonix is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't drive. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A corny teenager from Bodmin is obsessed with flamingos. He looks old for his age. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE chef is angry about being kept away from his friend. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a xenophobic man from Washington who can only fly when facing north. He usually wears body armour. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is a reckless man from Sweden who can only dance whilst balancing a bird on his head. Physically, he is built like a tower. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his hat collection.
A AGE art student is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a tape measure. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a polite teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks approachable. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
NAME is a forceful father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has hair like a troll's. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was nine. He looks approachable. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was three. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He comes from a middle class family. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a cute man from Norway who can only see by day. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of killing his fianc&eacute;.
NAME is a lazy nurse who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has beautiful, blue eyes. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is age. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE surgeon is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was ten. He always wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
NAME is an invisible superhero who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has crazy, black hair. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is age. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from killer a vampire.
NAME is a traditional man from Washington who can only speak at night. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries a magic bean. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
An AGE librarian is angry about pretty much everything. He has hair like a shimmering river. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
An AGE father is angry about his football team losing. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his harpoon collection.
A AGE zombie is angry about the recent jailing of his neighbour. He usually wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a sarcastic man from Sidney who can only see when he is hungry. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting ethnic minorities in a blog post.
A happy anthropologist from Seattle is obsessed with envelopes. He always wears false teeth. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal passport.
A AGE teacher is angry about his football team losing. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
NAME is an invisible fishmonger who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has hair like a horse's mane. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a brash man from Dublin who can only swim whilst balancing a ferret on his head. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries two phones. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was eight. People often compare him to an unkind hippo. He comes from a rich family. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to Scotland. He has crazy, blue hair. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a nosy man from Europe who can only read after he has eaten a bagel. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a working class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his film collection.
NAME is a desperate man from Northern Europe who can only read when his pet mouse is in his pocket. He always wears body armour. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from killer a lion.
NAME is a fashionable accountant who finds it hard to trust people. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
A AGE man is angry about global warming. He looks surprisingly calm. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a pessimistic builder who finds it hard to trust people. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
NAME is addicted to art. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a well-loved drama student who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears false teeth. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an arrogant man from Perth who can only walk by day. He has beautiful, black eyes. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A AGE farmer is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was eight. He usually wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE soldier is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
NAME is a magical man from Dallas who can only laugh whilst balancing a skunk on his head. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries multiple sandwiches. On Sundays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a lucky teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE wizard is angry about his football team losing. He usually wears a PVC apron. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a posh wizard who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is an outgoing man from Norway who can only speak when he is hungry. He has beautiful, grey eyes. He strongly dislikes sheep. On Thursdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a middle class family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a corny man from Europe who can only drive when he is upside down. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
A well-educated shoemaker from Dallas is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist into a volcano.
A AGE writer is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a tape measure. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a law-abiding man from a galaxy far, far away who can only speak whilst balancing a ferret on his head. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He has to save the world from killer a postal worker.
An AGE professor is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was five. He has crazy, black hair. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a caring fishmonger who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
A AGE anthropologist is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was six. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is particularly interested in escaping from his roots.
NAME is an honest man from Washington who can only fly at night. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car.
A creative man from Hull is obsessed with dance music. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is an irritable man from the moon who can only speak when his pet ferret is in his pocket. He always wears a red shirt. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a passionate teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a passionate hippo. He always carries a wand. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is an ambitious fishmonger who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Fridays, he likes to name small animals.
A mystical teenager from Chicago is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE entrepreneur is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was nine. He usually wears a white dress. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
A AGE computer science student is angry about parking. He usually wears a PVC apron. He comes from a middle class family. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his mother. He has to save the world from global warming.
An inquiring teenager from Wales is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for diplomacy to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a spontaneous doll. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a musical engineer who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a cow whilst abroad on holiday.
NAME is an attractive man from Europe who can only dance when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. He has crazy, white hair. He comes from a middle class family. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was seven. He always wears an orange dress. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
A smart physics student from Atlanta is obsessed with chocolate. He has crazy, purple hair. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A colourful writer from Liverpool is obsessed with computers. People often compare him to a colourful forest. He always carries two phones. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a disfigured teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has crazy, green hair. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. On Fridays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is addicted to social media. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a tape measure. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a hard-working man from Mars who can only fly wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a truck. He comes from a heavily religious family. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. A thoughtful man from Wales is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a thoughtful sheep. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a dishonest father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't fly. His purpose in life is to become a senior chef.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was nine. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to Venus. He has hair like a horse's mane. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was eleven. He usually wears purple trousers. He always carries a tape measure. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A homophobic teenager from Philadelphia is obsessed with light sabres. He looks smart. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a desperate man from America who can only swim wearing a mask. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A naughty father from Phonix is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is an old father who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to an old cow. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from killer a postal worker.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He has a nose like a ski jump. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a merry man from Bodmin who can only drive wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a trendy man from Dan Diego who can only eat when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. He has eyes like marbles. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like a stick. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an intelligent man from Northern Europe who can only read when he is upside down. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE lawyer is angry about xenophobia. He looks old for his age. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a tiger. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE electrician is angry about homophobia. He has beautiful, grey eyes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A troubled man from Northern America is obsessed with gazelle. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. On Mondays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a trendy surgeon who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He has been wrongly accused of killing his fianc&eacute;.
NAME is a vulgar man from Chicago who can only drive when he is hungry. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is particularly interested in finding a missing soldier.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was two. He has a nose like a button. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a disfigured man from London who can only see whilst balancing a parrot on his head. He has eyes like fish bowls. He comes from a troubled family. On Thursdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a conventional man from San Francisco who can only see at night. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a troubled family. On Wednesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is an ambitious man from Canada who can only see after he has eaten an orange. He has eyes like fish bowls. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He must use his talent for sword fighting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was one. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a working class family. He has to save the world from killer a postal worker.
NAME is a batty man from Phonix who can only read after he has eaten marmalade. Physically, he is built like a house. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A respectable man from Hull is obsessed with zombies. He has a nose like a beak. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a generous man from Los Angeles who can only speak the moon is in Venus. He has crazy, blue hair. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
NAME is addicted to video games. He always wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in making pies out of vegetables.
A AGE media studies student is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was thirteen. People often compare him to a happy clock. He comes from a strict family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a sweet teenager who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears false teeth. He always carries a pistol. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE father is angry about homophobia. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes hippos. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a forceful man from Wales who can only drive when he is hungry. He has eyes like saucers. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Sundays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a scheming shoemaker who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a scheming mouse. He always carries a wand. He is particularly interested in finding a missing stone.
A AGE teenager is angry about being kept away from his daughter. He usually wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a grumpy man from France who can only read the moon is in Virgo. People often compare him to a grumpy aardvark. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a podcast.
NAME is an irritable man from Germany who can only speak it is full moon. He has a nose like a button. He comes from a rich family. He is particularly interested in escaping from his roots.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was eight. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a grumpy man who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud. A AGE physics student is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. On Wednesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.

NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has lips like soft petals. He comes from an unhappy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a shy pop star who finds it hard to tell the truth. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is an easily-led man from London who can only walk when facing north. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a well-travelled man from Scotland who can only smile it is full moon. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of other people.
NAME is a sleepy man from France who can only see when his pet parrot is in his pocket. He has hair like snakes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of other people.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a calculator. On Tuesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a kind man from San Francisco who can only speak when the weather is snowy. He looks exhausted. He comes from an unhappy family. On Saturdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a respectable man from Northern America who can only laugh when the weather is hot. He looks relatively fit. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is a naughty man from Dublin who can only laugh when facing north. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes his sister. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes anteaters. On Thursdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE teenager is angry about zombies. He has crazy, white hair. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
An AGE anthropologist is angry about zombies. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes his husband. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a creative man from Philadelphia who can only see when he is upside down. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A strict father from Phonix is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes his father. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his insect collection.

NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
A AGE author is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was twelve. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. He must use his talent for kung fu to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE spy is angry about homophobia. He has hair like a bird's nest. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A desperate lawyer from Manchester is obsessed with green vegetables. Physically, he is built like a brick. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a middle class family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal passport.
NAME is an extroverted musician who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to an extroverted aardvark. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
A AGE teenager is angry about his leaky teapot. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is a traditional professor who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a traditional tree. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is an old man from Glasgow who can only eat when his pet ferret is in his pocket. He has eyes like the ocean. He always carries toothpaste. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
NAME is a mystical man from Africa who can only drive wearing a mask. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE geography student is angry about parking. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
A AGE monarch is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was fourteen. He has beautiful, red eyes. He strongly dislikes hippos. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a funny fishmonger who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He looks approachable. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist under a bus.
A paranoid teenager from the moon is obsessed with anteaters. He has hair like a bird's nest. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A troubled teenager from America is obsessed with zombies. He usually wears false teeth. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is an entertaining man from Hull who can only eat wearing a mask. People often compare him to an entertaining clock. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
An irritable man from Cambridge is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to an irritable hippo. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is an academic man from Perth who can only dance when his pet parrot is in his pocket. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes his wife. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on social media.
NAME is a well-loved teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An inquiring angel from Brisbane is obsessed with flamingos. He looks young for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE shoemaker is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was four. He has eyes like fish bowls. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kangaroo.
NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes his husband. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is an allusive man from New York who can only swim when facing north. People often compare him to an allusive forest. He always carries a calculator. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is a loving man from Sidney who can only speak it is full moon. He has crazy, blue hair. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is an honest man from Africa who can only dance it is full moon. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. On Tuesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a well-educated professor who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. On Fridays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is an unlucky carpenter who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has crazy, yellow hair. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a polite man from Bristol who can only read when facing north. People often compare him to a polite aardvark. He strongly dislikes his brother. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a shy man from Indianapolis who can only laugh when he is upside down. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. His biggest fear is being killed by a postal worker. His purpose in life is to become a senior pop star.
NAME is age. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE postal worker is angry about veganism. He has crazy, pink hair. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a cow.
NAME is a posh man from Boston who can only eat at night. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to poetry. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his brother.
NAME is a brash man from Liverpool who can only speak it is full moon. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes hippos. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE monarch is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was ten. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is an unkind postal worker who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE teenager is angry about vegetarianism. He always wears a brown dress. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
An AGE goblin is angry about being kept away from his partner. People often compare him to a terrible meadow. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is particularly interested in listening to the sound of the sea.
NAME is a loyal werewolf who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a loyal doll. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal poison.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A gentle father from New Zealand is obsessed with films. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. He always carries a tape measure. He has been wrongly accused of killing his wife.
NAME is an attractive man from Norway who can only fly wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is attached to a machine. He usually wears body armour. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE father is angry about low-fat cheese. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A conventional teenager from Dublin is obsessed with piano keys. He always wears green trousers. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a xenophobic man from France who can only sleep when his pet gerbil is in his pocket. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a cow.
NAME is addicted to Africa. He usually wears false teeth. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a modest man from Chicago who can only dance the sun is in Pisces. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He strongly dislikes his wife. He has been wrongly accused of killing his mother.
A chatty goblin from Canada is obsessed with ghosts. He usually wears false eyebrows. He always carries two phones. On Saturdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is a good zombie who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a good meadow. He comes from a troubled family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a thoughtful man from Toronto who can only dance it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his brother.
A boring musician from Sidney is obsessed with light sabres. He has beautiful, blue eyes. He comes from a troubled family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a colourful nurse who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a cat. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't dance. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
A AGE father is angry about violence on TV. He usually wears woolly clothes. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An AGE man is angry about low-fat cheese. He looks surprisingly calm. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE chef is angry about the recent jailing of his colleague. He has lips like pink cushions. He comes from an unhappy family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is a naughty man from Truro who can only read at night. He usually wears grey trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is particularly interested in learning to run a cheese factory.
NAME is addicted to making extraordinary cupcakes. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is particularly interested in escaping from from a burning building.
A AGE drama student is angry about noisy neighbours. People often compare him to a modest sheep. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A loyal software developer from Norway is obsessed with green vegetables. He has crazy, black hair. His biggest fear is being killed by a vampire. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal firearm.
A AGE carpenter is angry about rising taxes. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a snobby man from Indianapolis who can only drive when the weather is hot. He has eyes like gemstones. He always carries two phones. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was five. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes his brother. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teacher is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a working class family. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of vegetables.
NAME is a geeky teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a geeky tree. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to video games. He usually wears white trousers. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in finding a missing torch.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has hair like a horse's mane. He strongly dislikes his father. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a homophobic man from France who can only sleep after he has eaten a banana. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes hippos. His purpose in life is to become a senior electrician.
An AGE merman is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was one. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stamp collection.
NAME is a bad man from Oxford who can only speak when he is hungry. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
NAME is a dishy man from Atlanta who can only speak the moon is in Pisces. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from a rich family. On Mondays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a criminal teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. People often compare him to a rude meadow. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An AGE chef is angry about the recent jailing of his colleague. He usually wears body armour. He strongly dislikes anteaters. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a gentle teenager who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has beautiful, blue eyes. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
An AGE surgeon is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was thirteen. He has eyes like saucers. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a pessimistic singer who finds it hard to trust people. He usually wears false teeth. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is an introverted man from Boston who can only eat the moon is in Libra. He usually wears dark glasses. He always carries a calculator. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a nosy man from Hull who can only sleep when he is upside down. He usually wears yellow trousers. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
NAME is a greedy man from India who can only speak when his pet rabbit is in his pocket. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. On Saturdays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was eleven. He always wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't be seen. He is particularly interested in learning to play musical instruments.
NAME is addicted to selfies. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
NAME is an introverted swimming instructor who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He usually wears yellow trousers. He strongly dislikes his brother. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle at gunpoint.
A snazzy writer from Australia is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a happy family. He is particularly interested in finding a missing child.
A chatty man from Indianapolis is obsessed with films. He always wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
An adventurous psychology student from Boston is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to an adventurous puppy. He always carries a newspaper. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
An AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was six. He looks exhausted. He always carries a walking stick. On Mondays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a corny man from Manchester who can only eat when the weather is wet. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE teenager is angry about noisy neighbours. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a pistol. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was twelve. He usually wears false teeth. He always carries a walking stick. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person off a cliff.
A geeky teenager from Northern Europe is obsessed with computers. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person into a volcano.
NAME is addicted to biology. He has hair like snakes. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a young man from Northern Europe who can only see wearing a mask. He always wears a purple dress. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
An AGE angel is traumatised by the loss of his right hand when he was one. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a horse.
NAME is a militant postal worker who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He usually wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has hair like a troll's. He comes from an unhappy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has crazy, orange hair. He always carries two phones. He is particularly interested in finding a missing soldier. A AGE man is angry about low-fat cheese. He has beautiful, green eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
A AGE radiologist is angry about his football team losing. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative. NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his neighbour.
A AGE zombie is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a brown cape. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A pessimistic teenager from Sweden is obsessed with computers. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was ten. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.

NAME is a brash man from Canada who can only drive the moon is in Virgo. He usually wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't fly. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on national television.
NAME is a careless father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
An unlucky psychology student from Truro is obsessed with zombies. He has beautiful, brown eyes. He strongly dislikes his friend. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a stable teacher who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was one. People often compare him to an honest horse. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Fridays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is an outgoing man from Mars who can only swim when he is hungry. He has eyes like fish bowls. He strongly dislikes hippos. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a sleepy man from Edinburgh who can only walk whilst balancing a parrot on his head. He has eyes like planets. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE chef is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was fourteen. He always wears woolly clothes. He always carries a newspaper. On Saturdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE carpenter is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was one. He has crazy, purple hair. He always carries a newspaper. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a loving man from Los Angeles who can only speak when he is hungry. He has eyes like space rockets. He always carries a green umbrella. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
A AGE superhero is angry about low-fat cheese. Physically, he is built like a truck. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has been wrongly accused of killing his girlfriend.
A AGE man is angry about parking. He has eyes like crystals. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to art. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A fashionable giant from Europe is obsessed with envelopes. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stamp collection.
NAME is an old man from England who can only laugh when he is hungry. He looks approachable. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a hard-working man from Sheffield who can only drive when facing north. Physically, he is built like a stick. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has to save the world from global warming.
A cute physics student from Wales is obsessed with light sabres. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a strict family. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A grumpy father from Dan Diego is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a walking stick. He is particularly interested in listening to birds singing.
NAME is a conventional man from Indianapolis who can only smile whilst balancing a gerbil on his head. He looks exhausted. He always carries a newspaper. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.

A AGE media studies student is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was three. He has hair like a horse's mane. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on social media.
A AGE teenager is angry about parking. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a disturbed cat. He always carries a newspaper. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was nine. He looks old for his age. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was four. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a smart man from Western Europe who can only sleep at night. He usually wears dark glasses. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a greedy farmer who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a conventional man from Glasgow who can only dance wearing a mask. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He has been wrongly accused of killing his son.
NAME is an entertaining man from Northern America who can only drive wearing a mask. Physically, he is built like a stick. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE father is angry about vegetarianism. He has beautiful, orange eyes. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
NAME is an interesting man from St Austell who can only fly the sun is in Scorpio. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a loaf of bread many years ago.
NAME is a mystical wizard who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a mystical forest. He always carries a wand. On Thursdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was eleven. He has crazy, orange hair. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal cabbage.
A rude father from Western Europe is obsessed with light sabres. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in finding a missing crystal.
NAME is a snobby teenager who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a snobby doll. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has been wrongly accused of killing his son.
NAME is addicted to psychology. He looks smart. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was one. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He must use his talent for dating to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE surgeon is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was ten. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
A AGE lawyer is angry about violence on TV. He usually wears a red dress. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is a dishy man from Bodmin who can only walk when he is hungry. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders. NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He is particularly interested in making pies out of bad people.
NAME is a thoughtful man from Norway who can only walk by day. He has crazy, black hair. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a fire engine.
NAME is a trendy man from Plymouth who can only swim the sun is in Aquarius. He has beautiful, green eyes. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.

A AGE surgeon is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was five. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel whilst wearing an inappropriate hat.
NAME is a greedy teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears a purple shirt. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has hair like snakes. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A gullible pianist from London is obsessed with piano keys. He looks smart. He always carries a magic bean. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a respectable man from Liverpool who can only see whilst balancing a gerbil on his head. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a radio show.
A AGE man is angry about zombies. He has hair like a bird's nest. He strongly dislikes his father. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is an outgoing man from Venus who can only sleep after he has eaten carrots. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes unicorn. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is addicted to Ireland. People often compare him to an unkind clock. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He usually wears a green dress. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is angry about his football team losing. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is particularly interested in finding a missing crystal.
A AGE man is angry about his football team losing. He looks young for his age. He always carries a magic bean. His purpose in life is to protect others.
An AGE father is angry about veganism. He has eyes like the ocean. He always carries a walking stick. He is particularly interested in making pies out of fruit.
NAME is an inspiring vampire who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to an inspiring puppy. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys. NAME is addicted to Hull. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his colleague. NAME is a musical man from Western Europe who can only swim by day. He has eyes like little planets. His biggest fear is being killed by a sponge. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to video games. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is an honest man from Netherlands who can only drive the moon is in Sagittarius. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A colourful superhero from Liverpool is obsessed with goldfish. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a blue cape. He must use his talent for surgery to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an inspiring lawyer who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has beautiful, purple eyes. He strongly dislikes anteaters. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He usually wears green trousers. He always carries a tape measure. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking an ambulence.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was thirteen. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a calculator. On Wednesdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to French. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
An AGE zombie is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was four. He has crazy, grey hair. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is a trendy man from San Francisco who can only speak when the weather is fair. He has hair like a troll's. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of bad people.
NAME is an extroverted man from Truro who can only laugh when he is upside down. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is particularly interested in finding a missing soldier.
NAME is a reckless psychology student who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a magic bean. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is an interesting man from Melbourne who can only smile when he is hungry. He looks like he needs a good wash. He comes from a rich family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a chatty teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. His purpose in life is to become a senior singer.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He comes from a happy family. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is addicted to India. He usually wears false teeth. He always carries a pistol. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
An unlucky father from Melbourne is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to an unlucky meadow. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is a gullible soldier who finds it hard to tell the truth. He looks smart. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal dog.
NAME is an outspoken biology student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He usually wears a red dress. He comes from a working class family. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal potion.
A AGE media studies student is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was three. People often compare him to a fine giraffe. He always carries a red umbrella. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.

NAME is a polite man from Oxford who can only fly when the weather is rainy. He looks relatively fit. He comes from a broken family. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
A mean teenager from Netherlands is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a calculator. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
A fashionable geography student from Norway is obsessed with films. He looks smart. He comes from a poor family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
A AGE surgeon is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was thirteen. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a walking stick. On Fridays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE librarian is angry about being kept away from his son. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He always wears an orange shirt. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an honest man who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He usually wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has crazy, black hair. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Sundays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is a boring teenager who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a boring meadow. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. On Fridays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has crazy, orange hair. He always carries a pistol. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a brash superhero who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
NAME is a pessimistic man from Venus who can only speak it is full moon. He has crazy, purple hair. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
A fine professor from Bristol is obsessed with chocolate. He has eyes like saucers. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Mondays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a bossy man from Wales who can only speak when he is hungry. People often compare him to a bossy hippo. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE lawyer is angry about his leaky teapot. People often compare him to a brave chicken. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries two phones. His purpose in life is to get home.

A AGE librarian is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was three. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is particularly interested in learning foreign languages.
An AGE werewolf is angry about parking. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on national television.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was ten. He looks young for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is particularly interested in finding a missing ring.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was eleven. He has eyes like the ocean. He always carries a magic bean. On Tuesdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is an entertaining man from Sidney who can only walk when facing north. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a happy family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president in a blog post.
NAME is a respectable man from Saturn who can only drive it is full moon. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on social media.
NAME is an admired man from America who can only drive when facing north. He looks smart. He always carries a newspaper. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a scheming man from Australia who can only drive whilst balancing a ferret on his head. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Mondays, he likes to go jogging.
An intelligent French student from New Zealand is obsessed with rap music. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE teenager is angry about violence on TV. He looks old for his age. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A racist teenager from Dublin is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a racist forest. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A AGE teenager is angry about low-fat cheese. He usually wears a yellow dress. He always carries a green cape. His purpose in life is to become a senior history student.
A homophobic father from Chicago is obsessed with computers. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He has to save the world from killer a tiger.
A calculating teenager from Saturn is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a calculating goldfish. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
An AGE media studies student is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was two. People often compare him to a dishonest flamingo. He strongly dislikes his mother. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a fascinating man from New York who can only dance when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his shoe collection.
NAME is a troubled man from London who can only see when the weather is fair. He has hair like a troll's. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't speak. On Wednesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is a funny man from Cambridge who can only read it is full moon. People often compare him to a funny cat. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was thirteen. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to become a senior engineer.
NAME is a criminal man from Manchester who can only be seen the moon is in Venus. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was six. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his stamp collection.
NAME is an outspoken pop star who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. On Wednesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a lazy dentist who finds it hard to trust people. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He is particularly interested in finding a missing ring.
An AGE teacher is angry about homophobia. People often compare him to a loyal flamingo. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
A vulgar teenager from Truro is obsessed with gazelle. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of killing his colleague.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
NAME is a calculating man from Eastern Europe who can only read wearing a mask. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a chicken.
NAME is addicted to making extraordinary cupcakes. He looks relatively fit. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is an allusive man from Venus who can only eat it is full moon. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in finding a missing torch.
NAME is a forceful man from Liverpool who can only dance by day. He always wears dark glasses. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a funny man from Liverpool who can only walk when he is upside down. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A scheming physics student from Africa is obsessed with green vegetables. He looks like he needs a good wash. He comes from a heavily religious family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread at gunpoint.
NAME is a careless man from Sidney who can only smile when his pet canary is in his pocket. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a young man from Leeds who can only speak the sun is in Sagittarius. People often compare him to a young statue. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is an adventurous man from Atlanta who can only read when the weather is rainy. People often compare him to an adventurous tree. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was four. He looks young for his age. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
A AGE teacher is angry about being kept away from his husband. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Thursdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a well-educated pop star who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has a nose like a ski jump. His top quality is that he is particularly kind. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A helpful geography student from the moon is obsessed with unicorn. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries a walking stick. On Sundays, he likes to try and save the world.
A greedy father from Ireland is obsessed with light sabres. He has beautiful, brown eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Sundays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE teenager is angry about vegetarianism. He always wears skimpy clothes. He always carries two phones. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is an admired postal worker who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to an admired doll. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is particularly interested in escaping from oppression.
A AGE art student is traumatised by the loss of his sister when he was one. He has beautiful, green eyes. He comes from a middle class family. On Mondays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A snobby teenager from Chicago is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a snobby cat. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a shy man from Boston who can only read by day. He has hair like a nasty nylon wig. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A fascinating teenager from Truro is obsessed with films. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
NAME is a snobby man from Venus who can only see when he is hungry. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE werewolf is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was three. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person into a volcano.
NAME is an academic postal worker who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He always wears body armour. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a mouse.
A AGE musician is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was thirteen. People often compare him to a geeky giraffe. He always carries two phones. On Saturdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A gullible solicitor from Netherlands is obsessed with computers. He always wears a black shirt. He comes from a happy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his insect collection.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
A militant accountant from Norway is obsessed with piano keys. He has beautiful, purple eyes. He comes from a broken family. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE psychology student is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was three. He always wears a black dress. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a kangaroo.
NAME is a forceful father who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a forceful dog. He comes from a troubled family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was nine. People often compare him to an adventurous chicken. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a rude man from Netherlands who can only swim after he has eaten cabbage. He looks trustworthy. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
An easily-led solicitor from Liverpool is obsessed with films. He has hair like a bird's nest. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. On Wednesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE zombie is angry about his leaky teapot. He always wears dark glasses. He strongly dislikes his son. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is addicted to Brisbane. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. On Tuesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A fine teenager from Germany is obsessed with rhinoceroses. He looks young for his age. He always carries a wand. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal potion.
A AGE vampire is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was eleven. He usually wears a PVC apron. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to diplomacy. People often compare him to a hard-working meadow. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
An AGE radiologist is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was twelve. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is an inspiring man from Sheffield who can only sleep the sun is in Virgo. He looks exhausted. He comes from a working class family. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
A sleepy software developer from Hull is obsessed with dance music. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries two phones. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE teenager is angry about his leaky teapot. People often compare him to a batty aardvark. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE painter is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was three. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries a tape measure. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was ten. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was eight. He has crazy, red hair. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is a wild man from Philadelphia who can only eat at night. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the Queen on social media.
NAME is a musical singer who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his hat collection.
NAME is addicted to Dan Diego. People often compare him to a pessimistic mountain. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A snazzy father from Eastern Europe is obsessed with anteaters. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his father. He is particularly interested in hosting magnificent tea parties.
NAME is a young man who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a calculator. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
NAME is a good man from New York who can only read it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a cat. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in escaping from hospital.
NAME is a brash superhero who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has beautiful, red eyes. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. An irritable painter from India is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a terrible man from Australia who can only read when his pet parrot is in his pocket. He looks approachable. He comes from a middle class family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A good teenager from Northern America is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a prejudiced man from Sidney who can only eat it is full moon. He usually wears dark glasses. He always carries a walking stick. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a wolf.
NAME is a loyal man from Melbourne who can only drive it is full moon. He usually wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is an ambitious man from Sheffield who can only smile by day. He looks exhausted. He always carries a newspaper. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to social media. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was seven. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes flamingos. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
An old teenager from Plymouth is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a black cape. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
A AGE anthropologist is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was seven. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is particularly interested in listening to pop music.
A AGE spy is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was eight. He always wears a green shirt. He always carries two phones. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is an inquiring man from Indianapolis who can only fly by day. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He strongly dislikes unicorn. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He has hair like a bird's nest. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a car.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a troubled family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a smart man who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He strongly dislikes his neighbour. On Thursdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is an allusive man from San Francisco who can only eat when facing north. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A sleepy father from Philadelphia is obsessed with films. Physically, he is built like a tower. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE pianist is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was two. People often compare him to a creative hippo. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his hat collection.
NAME is a snazzy man from Toronto who can only fly when the weather is hot. He has hair like a horse's mane. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. On Thursdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE teenager is angry about xenophobia. He looks smart. He comes from a middle class family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on social media.
A AGE photographer is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was seven. People often compare him to a dishy kangaroo. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A AGE man is angry about pretty much everything. He usually wears false teeth. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. He always carries a red cape. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal television.
NAME is a sceptical man from Perth who can only speak whilst balancing a canary on his head. He has eyes like space rockets. He always carries a purple cape. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
A passionate fishmonger from South America is obsessed with green vegetables. He has hair like a bird's nest. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE vampire is angry about noisy neighbours. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a respectable man from Atlanta who can only eat when his pet rat is in his pocket. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE engineer is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was two. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a walking stick. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Thursdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is an assertive man from Chicago who can only laugh when he is upside down. He looks like he needs a good wash. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a boring man who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was two. He has crazy, white hair. He always carries a brown umbrella. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is an outgoing man from Northern Europe who can only dance when facing north. He always wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was two. He usually wears false teeth. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A smart father from Indianapolis is obsessed with envelopes. He has eyes like little planets. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.

NAME is a caring man from Venus who can only speak the moon is in Venus. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is addicted to social media. He always wears body armour. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an interesting musician who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is angry about veganism. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a greedy father who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread many years ago.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a helpful man who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has beautiful, black eyes. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano. NAME is a hard-working man from Edinburgh who can only smile when his pet mouse is in his pocket. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal poison.
A AGE father is angry about his football team losing. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly polite. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a magical man from Norway who can only be seen when he is upside down. He looks as though he has seen better days. He always carries a magic bean. He is particularly interested in escaping from enemy troops.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
A AGE butcher is angry about racism. People often compare him to an unkind meadow. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about veganism. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a strict family. On Fridays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is a silly man from India who can only dance it is full moon. People often compare him to a silly forest. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A careless soldier from Hull is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to a careless dog. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from global warming.
A spontaneous shoemaker from Washington is obsessed with piano keys. He has hair like a troll's. He always carries a newspaper. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino into a volcano.
NAME is an interesting giant who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to an interesting wolf. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a fashionable man from San Francisco who can only eat when his pet rat is in his pocket. He has hair like a bird's nest. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
A AGE radiologist is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was one. People often compare him to an adventurous mountain. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a lazy man from Houston who can only dance the moon is in Virgo. He always wears dark glasses. He always carries a pistol. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE author is angry about being kept away from his daughter. He has crazy, green hair. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is addicted to dancing. Physically, he is built like a truck. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is an inquiring author who finds it hard to trust people. He looks approachable. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his relative.
A AGE surgeon is angry about homophobia. He always wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a rich family. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing a bicycle in the dead of night. NAME is addicted to history. He looks smart. He comes from a working class family. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is a helpful man from France who can only speak at night. Physically, he is built like a brick. He always carries a pistol. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
NAME is age. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a mystical man from Denmark who can only sleep when he is upside down. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
A AGE solicitor is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was fourteen. He has lips like pink cushions. He always carries a pistol. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is addicted to skipping. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is a helpful man from a galaxy far, far away who can only be seen when he is hungry. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes gazelle. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal television.

NAME is a sarcastic man from Bristol who can only be seen when his pet canary is in his pocket. Physically, he is built like a house. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE builder is angry about violence on TV. He usually wears a grey dress. His biggest fear is losing his sight. On Thursdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve. NAME is addicted to chocolate. He always wears a PVC apron. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't walk. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.

NAME is a modest superhero who finds it hard to stay out of jail. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has to save the world from killer a zombie.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He usually wears dark glasses. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He has been wrongly accused of killing his sister.
NAME is an outgoing man from Mars who can only walk when he is hungry. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a trendy superhero who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a trendy hippo. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was three. He has a nose like a ski jump. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a colourful teenager who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He always carries a pistol. He has been wrongly accused of killing his boyfriend.
NAME is an enigmatic man from Germany who can only dance after he has eaten stawberry jam. He always wears a bullet-proof vest. He strongly dislikes his brother. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is an immature man from Sheffield who can only swim after he has eaten marmalade. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes his sister. He has to save the world from killer a dinosaur.
A brash teenager from The Philippines is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to protect others.

NAME is addicted to skipping. He has a nose like a ski jump. He always carries a red umbrella. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of paperclips.
NAME is an immature lawyer who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A caring media studies student from San Francisco is obsessed with films. He always wears false teeth. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to skipping. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a rich man from Perth who can only drive it is full moon. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal passport.
A AGE physics student is traumatised by the loss of his fianc&eacute; when he was nine. He has lips like little pillows. He always carries a calculator. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE physics student is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was eight. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
NAME is addicted to making extraordinary cupcakes. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of committing fraud.
A AGE politician is angry about his leaky teapot. He looks young for his age. He comes from an unhappy family. His purpose in life is to become a senior singer.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to an immature meadow. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a racist man from Phonix who can only swim when the weather is fair. He looks relatively fit. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to protect others.
A sweet history student from Mars is obsessed with light sabres. He always wears body armour. He always carries a magic bean. On Tuesdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE butcher is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was twelve. Physically, he is built like a brick. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE fishmonger is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was nine. He usually wears woolly clothes. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A thoughtful art student from London is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like an elegant lamp. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a puppy.
A AGE teenager is angry about violence on TV. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A well-loved spy from Glasgow is obsessed with ghosts. He has crazy, orange hair. His top quality is that he is particularly educated. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car many years ago.
A AGE author is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was four. He has crazy, pink hair. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car from a little old lady.
A AGE dentist is angry about pretty much everything. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes gazelle. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE media studies student is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was thirteen. Physically, he is built like a plank. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of paperclips.
NAME is a bad man from Sheffield who can only dance at night. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes hippos. He must use his talent for baking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a law-abiding man from Ireland who can only sleep whilst balancing a ferret on his head. He has crazy, green hair. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE painter is angry about noisy neighbours. People often compare him to an unstable puppy. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a rich man from Venus who can only laugh when the weather is hot. He usually wears an orange shirt. He comes from a happy family. He is particularly interested in listening to classical music.
NAME is a homophobic man from Mars who can only drive the moon is in Leo. He has a nose like a button. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the general public in a blog post.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a tape measure. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wooden spoon collection.
A AGE teenager is angry about his football team losing. He has eyes like fish bowls. He comes from a strict family. He is particularly interested in making sandwiches out of other people.
NAME is a chatty geography student who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a mean man from New York who can only laugh wearing a mask. He has crazy, pink hair. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
An immature man from Washington is obsessed with gazelle. He usually wears body armour. He always carries a wand. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is addicted to baking. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his son. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his partner.
An AGE pianist is angry about xenophobia. He looks young for his age. He always carries a tape measure. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like a tower. He comes from a middle class family. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
A passionate receptionist from Eastern Europe is obsessed with chocolate. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox into a volcano.
NAME is a brave man from Truro who can only see it is full moon. People often compare him to a brave tree. His biggest fear is being killed by a snake. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a car many years ago.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He comes from a poor family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a scheming man from England who can only laugh the sun is in Sagittarius. He looks trustworthy. He comes from a working class family. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is angry about homophobia. He has eyes like crystals. His biggest fear is being killed by a lion. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE politician is traumatised by the loss of his father when he was six. He has lips like pink cushions. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Sundays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has hair like a troll's. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
NAME is addicted to psychology. He always wears grey trousers. He strongly dislikes his colleague. On Mondays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
A posh man from Northern America is obsessed with piano keys. He has crazy, yellow hair. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the future.
NAME is a desperate manufacturer who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He usually wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his son. On Wednesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is addicted to hopping. He always wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his father. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is a happy man from Phonix who can only speak at night. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He always carries a black umbrella. He is particularly interested in finding a missing torch.
NAME is an easily-led man from Seattle who can only read the sun is in Libra. He usually wears false eyebrows. He always carries a magic bean. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a bicycle.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was three. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. On Saturdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE drama student is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was seven. He usually wears body armour. He strongly dislikes his friend. On Sundays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a wild man from Hull who can only drive when the weather is icy. Physically, he is built like a plank. He comes from a broken family. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE lawyer is traumatised by the loss of his boyfriend when he was eight. He has a nose like a button. He strongly dislikes anteaters. On Thursdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a fine man from Los Angeles who can only laugh after he has eaten an orange. He has beautiful, white eyes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is addicted to selfies. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream whilst abroad on holiday.
NAME is a dishonest father who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. People often compare him to a dishonest mountain. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has been wrongly accused of killing his colleague.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was twelve. People often compare him to a sarcastic forest. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is an inspiring man from Bristol who can only fly the moon is in Sagittarius. He looks smart. He comes from a middle class family. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a rude receptionist who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a rude tree. He comes from a happy family. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE entrepreneur is angry about his leaky teapot. He has a nose like a ski jump. He always carries a walking stick. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
An AGE librarian is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was four. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a magic bean. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is an arrogant man from Chicago who can only speak whilst balancing a ferret on his head. He usually wears body armour. He comes from a poor family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE French student is angry about his leaky teapot. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his brother.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He looks exhausted. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A grumpy merman from Europe is obsessed with films. He has beautiful, brown eyes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
An admired biology student from Birmingham is obsessed with piano keys. He has lips like pink cushions. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is attached to a machine. He usually wears a blue dress. He comes from a happy family. On Mondays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. He has beautiful, orange eyes. He always carries a white cape. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is a bossy father who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He usually wears false teeth. He always carries a tape measure. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a cat.
NAME is an invisible man from Leeds who can only be seen by day. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. A militant fishmonger from Plymouth is obsessed with films. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
NAME is an enigmatic man from India who can only swim wearing a mask. People often compare him to an enigmatic kitten. He comes from a broken family. On Fridays, he likes to name small animals.
An easily-led writer from Glasgow is obsessed with chocolate. He looks trustworthy. He always carries a calculator. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
NAME is a prejudiced man from San Francisco who can only laugh by day. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A stable entrepreneur from The Philippines is obsessed with ghosts. People often compare him to a stable meadow. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a well-educated man from Venus who can only dance it is full moon. He has lips like soft petals. He comes from a broken family. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is an allusive man who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears false teeth. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He has to save the world from killer a zombie.
NAME is a fascinating man from Phonix who can only smile after he has eaten carrots. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. On Wednesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.

NAME is age. He comes from a rich family. He is particularly interested in escaping from his roots.
NAME is a mean father who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears false teeth. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
NAME is a boring man from Northern Europe who can only eat when the weather is blowy. Physically, he is built like a house. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks approachable. He comes from a middle class family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his neighbour when he was eight. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was fourteen. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is an irritable teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears a black shirt. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a colourful man from London who can only sleep by day. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from an alien invasion.
NAME is attached to a machine. Physically, he is built like a stick. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something he has hidden in his suitcase.
A kind angel from Norway is obsessed with zombies. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a walking stick. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
NAME is an academic teacher who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He has beautiful, red eyes. He comes from a strict family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is addicted to flying. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
NAME is an old angel who finds it hard to trust people. Physically, he is built like a brick. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a precious jewel.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was five. He usually wears many layers of clothes. He comes from a middle class family. On Saturdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a snobby flamingo. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a kind man from Manchester who can only walk wearing a mask. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a loaf of bread.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. He has hair like a bird's nest. He comes from an unhappy family. On Fridays, he likes to protest injustice.
A prejudiced French student from Northern Europe is obsessed with green vegetables. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a lucky man from Truro who can only eat when he is hungry. He looks relatively fit. He always carries toothpaste. He is striving to redeem himself after robbing a bank.
A judgmental teenager from Chicago is obsessed with piano keys. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
NAME is addicted to kung fu. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes flamingos. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a nosy man from St Austell who can only drive by day. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his insect collection.
NAME is a forceful man from Chicago who can only sleep it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a stick. He always carries a red umbrella. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a shy man from England who can only drive it is full moon. He looks exhausted. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a strict man from Seattle who can only eat wearing a mask. People often compare him to a strict doll. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is an outspoken man from Mars who can only eat when the weather is wet. He has eyes like little planets. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is a mean man from Sheffield who can only walk after he has eaten pasties. He looks trustworthy. He strongly dislikes sheep. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on local radio.
NAME is a sceptical shoemaker who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to a sceptical forest. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. On Wednesdays, he likes to cut his toenails.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. On Sundays, he likes to count his money.
A AGE painter is angry about parking. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a well-loved man from the moon who can only read wearing a mask. He has hair like a troll's. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is addicted to social media. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. On Saturdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a grumpy man from a galaxy far, far away who can only eat whilst balancing a skunk on his head. He always wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a dishy man from Boston who can only fly the moon is in Libra. People often compare him to a dishy tree. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is an irritable man from Chicago who can only dance the moon is in Virgo. He usually wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
An AGE man is angry about low-fat cheese. He always wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes his partner. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper in a blog post.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was fourteen. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his husband when he was three. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. He comes from a strict family. His purpose in life is to get home.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was eleven. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE teenager is angry about racism. He has lips like soft petals. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for campaigning to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about parking. He has beautiful, grey eyes. He comes from an unhappy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is a calculating father who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He has beautiful, pink eyes. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
An easily-led merman from Atlanta is obsessed with zombies. He usually wears a shoulder-parrot. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't swim. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A dishy man from London is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears a shoulder-parrot. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
A AGE librarian is angry about racism. He has a nose like a button. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't drive. He is particularly interested in escaping from a sinking ship.
A AGE writer is traumatised by the loss of his girlfriend when he was thirteen. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE teenager is angry about homophobia. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A loyal father from Africa is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He is particularly interested in finding love.
A AGE merman is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was nine. He looks old for his age. He always carries a wand. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox under a bus.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his son. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
A AGE pop star is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was one. He has a nose like a button. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is an inspiring man from Africa who can only sleep when the weather is stormy. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He always carries a tape measure. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.
NAME is a judgmental man from Saturn who can only read it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a truck. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He must use his talent for acting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was fourteen. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is being killed by a zombie. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
A cute giant from Liverpool is obsessed with unicorn. He has eyes like gemstones. He comes from a rich family. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
A AGE shop assistant is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was eight. He has hair like a troll's. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
NAME is a vulgar man from Mars who can only eat when he is hungry. He has crazy, green hair. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He must use his talent for poetry to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a geeky man from Houston who can only laugh it is full moon. He has beautiful, green eyes. He always carries a tape measure. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a caring man from Atlanta who can only smile after he has eaten stawberry jam. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. He has to save the world from global warming.
A AGE lawyer is angry about the recent jailing of his neighbour. He has hair like a troll's. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is addicted to Dallas. He has lips like soft petals. He strongly dislikes his son. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE teenager is angry about violence on TV. Physically, he is built like a tower. His top quality is that he is particularly dishy. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
NAME is a troubled man from The Philippines who can only sleep when facing north. He has beautiful, orange eyes. He always carries toothpaste. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A spontaneous dentist from Cambridge is obsessed with computers. He has beautiful, black eyes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. On Sundays, he likes to name small animals.
A criminal radiologist from Netherlands is obsessed with light sabres. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes unicorn. He has been wrongly accused of killing his daughter.
A smart father from Sweden is obsessed with films. He always wears a green dress. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his mother.
NAME is addicted to physics. He has a nose like a button. He comes from an unhappy family. He must use his talent for mind-reading to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an ambitious man from Melbourne who can only be seen wearing a mask. He looks smart. He comes from a middle class family. On Wednesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left hand when he was thirteen. People often compare him to an individual doll. His biggest fear is being killed by a shark. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is addicted to Perth. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a rich family. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is an arrogant man from South America who can only walk when the weather is snowy. He has lips like little pillows. He comes from a troubled family. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a desperate werewolf who finds it hard to tell the truth. He usually wears woolly clothes. He comes from a working class family. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A good painter from South America is obsessed with computers. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He comes from a working class family. He is particularly interested in escaping from enemy troops.
NAME is a xenophobic chef who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He always wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He is particularly interested in learning foreign secrets.
A AGE writer is angry about rising taxes. People often compare him to a nosy statue. He always carries a walking stick. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a scheming man from Dublin who can only dance when facing north. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He comes from a heavily religious family. On Mondays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A AGE author is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was one. He has lips like soft petals. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a shark. On Saturdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is an attractive shop assistant who finds it hard to tell the truth. He always wears orange trousers. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. On Thursdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was four. He looks relatively fit. His top quality is that he is particularly inspiring. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is addicted to social media. He has lips like soft petals. He always carries a pistol. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal passport.
NAME is a fine teenager who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He has hair like a shimmering river. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE singer is angry about politics. He looks smart. He always carries a tape measure. On Tuesdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is an enigmatic merman who finds it hard to tell the truth. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady into a volcano.
NAME is addicted to video games. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a blue umbrella. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
A reckless farmer from Ireland is obsessed with rap music. He always wears many layers of clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
A AGE angel is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was five. People often compare him to a wild animal. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. On Mondays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A loving carpenter from Perth is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a loving chicken. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is particularly interested in escaping from hospital.
NAME is an inspiring man from Scotland who can only be seen at night. He looks approachable. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
NAME is age. He always carries a wand. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
An AGE father is angry about vegetarianism. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning an aardvark.
NAME is a paranoid man from Toronto who can only dance when the weather is blowy. People often compare him to a paranoid cow. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is a young man from outer space who can only be seen whilst balancing a ferret on his head. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.
NAME is a naughty man from Plymouth who can only eat when the weather is icy. Physically, he is built like a brick. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to become a senior photographer.
NAME is an entertaining man who finds it hard to stay out of jail. People often compare him to an entertaining mountain. He strongly dislikes his husband. He has been wrongly accused of killing his son.
A rude teenager from Netherlands is obsessed with computers. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
NAME is addicted to video games. He has hair like a shimmering river. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a crocodile. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
NAME is a gentle soldier who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a gentle meadow. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word in a blog post.
A homophobic electrician from Dallas is obsessed with piano keys. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
NAME is a greedy man from Washington who can only smile by day. He usually wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his wooden spoon collection.
A AGE swimming instructor is angry about his leaky teapot. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. His top quality is that he is particularly respectable. He is particularly interested in learning new words.
NAME is a snazzy man from Indianapolis who can only see when facing north. People often compare him to a wild animal. His top quality is that he is particularly chatty. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino off a cliff.
A AGE wizard is traumatised by the loss of his mother when he was fourteen. He looks relatively fit. He comes from an unhappy family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his brother.
NAME is a bossy man from Hull who can only speak the sun is in Scorpio. People often compare him to a bossy goldfish. He always carries a tape measure. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A disfigured monarch from Netherlands is obsessed with rap music. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes his son. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A paranoid monarch from New York is obsessed with green vegetables. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning the past.
An AGE zombie is angry about low-fat cheese. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries multiple sandwiches. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks relatively fit. He strongly dislikes his colleague. He is particularly interested in listening to classical music.
NAME is an outgoing man from Melbourne who can only fly when facing north. People often compare him to an outgoing statue. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. On Wednesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
NAME is a stable man from the moon who can only smile at night. He usually wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes his wife. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE musician is angry about noisy neighbours. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. He always carries a walking stick. He is striving to redeem himself after stealing an ice cream.
A traditional accountant from New York is obsessed with dance music. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes sheep. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a passionate media studies student who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. He always wears a white shirt. He comes from a strict family. He is striving to redeem himself after killing his brother.
A polite father from Norway is obsessed with green vegetables. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his son.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his friend when he was thirteen. He looks exhausted. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a journalist off a cliff.
NAME is a lucky man who finds it hard to do the right thing. Physically, he is built like a plank. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to become a senior engineer.
A well-travelled radiologist from America is obsessed with green vegetables. He usually wears a bullet-proof vest. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. His purpose in life is to become a senior entrepreneur.
NAME is a disfigured media studies student who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He looks surprisingly calm. He strongly dislikes goldfish. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
A AGE photographer is angry about pretty much everything. He has eyes like fish bowls. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He must use his talent for painting to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a young man who finds it hard to trust people. He has eyes like space rockets. He strongly dislikes his co-worker. On Saturdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is a happy man from The Philippines who can only read it is full moon. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a pistol. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
A AGE physics student is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was three. He has a nose like a button. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. On Tuesdays, he likes to name small animals.
A militant entrepreneur from Sheffield is obsessed with computers. He has a nose like a ski jump. His top quality is that he is particularly brave. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was fourteen. He looks smart. His biggest fear is growing old alone. His purpose in life is to become a senior librarian.
NAME is a polite man from Mars who can only sleep when he is upside down. People often compare him to a wild animal. He comes from a broken family. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
NAME is age. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He strongly dislikes his daughter. On Wednesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is a merry man from Hull who can only dance it is full moon. He always wears an orange shirt. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
NAME is an honest man from Houston who can only speak at night. He usually wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes his father. On Thursdays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE history student is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was eleven. He has eyes like space rockets. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an enigmatic man from Europe who can only speak whilst balancing a canary on his head. He has beautiful, grey eyes. He comes from a happy family. He has been wrongly accused of killing his neighbour.
NAME is a silly man from the moon who can only read by day. He has beautiful, purple eyes. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for making extraordinary cupcakes to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is attached to a machine. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a strict family. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to chocolate. He has hair like a shimmering river. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
NAME is a polite man from Germany who can only sleep when he is upside down. He looks like he needs a good wash. He always carries a wand. On Tuesdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A spontaneous father from Northern America is obsessed with green vegetables. He always wears a yellow dress. He always carries a walking stick. On Tuesdays, he likes to protest injustice.
An enigmatic physics student from Oxford is obsessed with chocolate. He has eyes like planets. His top quality is that he is particularly smart. He must use his talent for rapping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a reckless nurse who finds it hard to stay out of jail. He always wears false eyebrows. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is particularly interested in hosting lavish parties.
NAME is a rude man from Denmark who can only swim when he is hungry. He has beautiful, white eyes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has been wrongly accused of killing his father.
An AGE dentist is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was ten. He looks like he needs a good wash. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. His purpose in life is to pursue happiness.
NAME is attached to a machine. He looks smart. He strongly dislikes anteaters. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
A AGE werewolf is angry about being kept away from his partner. He always wears false eyebrows. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a wild animal. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't read. He has been wrongly accused of killing his co-worker.
NAME is a disturbed man from Edinburgh who can only smile when facing north. He has crazy, blue hair. He comes from a happy family. He is particularly interested in solving crime.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was eleven. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a snake. He must use his talent for swimming to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems. NAME is attached to a machine. He always wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes his brother. He has been wrongly accused of killing his partner.
A AGE father is angry about rising taxes. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has been wrongly accused of killing his son.
A happy teenager from America is obsessed with green vegetables. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries toothpaste. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on social media.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He must use his talent for hopping to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. On Wednesdays, he likes to go to the zoo.

NAME is a rude man from Leeds who can only be seen it is full moon. He usually wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes anteaters. On Sundays, he likes to go to the zoo.
A smug geography student from England is obsessed with chocolate. He usually wears a yellow dress. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. He has to save the world from an asteroid. NAME is a trendy man from Leeds who can only eat at night. He has beautiful, yellow eyes. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders. A helpful man from Truro is obsessed with chocolate. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a red cape. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person into a volcano.
NAME is a boring receptionist who finds it hard to stay out of trouble. People often compare him to a boring goldfish. He comes from a broken family. He has been wrongly accused of committing multiple murders.

A hard-working accountant from Ireland is obsessed with piano keys. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly inquiring. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal passport.
An AGE merman is angry about his football team losing. People often compare him to a supermodel. His top quality is that he is particularly happy. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a plank. He always carries a wand. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal book.
A AGE goblin is angry about parking. He always wears an orange shirt. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't smile. He has been wrongly accused of stealing an ice cream.
NAME is a corny author who finds it hard to do the right thing. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He always carries a magic bean. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.
A helpful teenager from Sweden is obsessed with envelopes. He usually wears false teeth. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a homeless person under a bus.

A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was twelve. He usually wears skimpy clothes. He always carries a pistol. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a rhino under a bus.
A AGE receptionist is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was eleven. People often compare him to a judgmental aardvark. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. On Fridays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is a judgmental man from America who can only walk when facing north. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. He always carries a magic bean. His purpose in life is to protect others.
An AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was three. He always wears woolly clothes. His biggest fear is growing old alone. On Wednesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE drama student is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was six. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is an extroverted man from Leeds who can only fly wearing a mask. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes flamingos. He has to save the world from killer a tiger.
NAME is a sweet shoemaker who finds it hard to do the right thing. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes his daughter. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is an unlucky man from Sheffield who can only swim when facing north. Physically, he is built like a plank. He strongly dislikes his father. On Mondays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a musical author who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks as though he has seen better days. He strongly dislikes sheep. He has to save the world from killer a shark.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a calculator. On Mondays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was eleven. He has a nose like a ski jump. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a well-loved man from Edinburgh who can only read when he is hungry. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a magic bean. On Tuesdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his brother when he was one. He has crazy, black hair. He comes from a heavily religious family. He is particularly interested in escaping from his own government.
A mystical teenager from New Zealand is obsessed with computers. He has lips like soft petals. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. His purpose in life is to find a soulmate.
An AGE giant is angry about the recent jailing of his husband. He always wears false eyebrows. He strongly dislikes his girlfriend. On Sundays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is a rich drama student who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. Physically, he is built like a tower. He always carries multiple sandwiches. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a modest father who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. He has crazy, brown hair. He comes from a middle class family. He has been wrongly accused of hijacking a taxi.
NAME is addicted to caffeine. Physically, he is built like an hourglass. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is a judgmental superhero who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to a judgmental cow. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. On Tuesdays, he likes to count his money.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He has beautiful, pink eyes. His top quality is that he is particularly funny. He is particularly interested in making pies out of bad people.
NAME is a forceful man from St Austell who can only speak when facing north. He usually wears dark glasses. He comes from an unhappy family. He has to save the world from killer a duck.
A fascinating man from Dallas is obsessed with zombies. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. He always carries toothpaste. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A AGE man is angry about xenophobia. He has crazy, red hair. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an introverted father who finds it hard to trust people. He always wears a black shirt. His biggest fear is being killed by a tiger. On Sundays, he likes to try and save the world.
An adventurous teenager from Wales is obsessed with flamingos. He always wears false teeth. He strongly dislikes his father. He is particularly interested in solving crosswords.
NAME is a grumpy man from San Francisco who can only be seen it is full moon. He always wears many layers of clothes. He always carries a tape measure. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
A AGE media studies student is angry about rising taxes. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes his boyfriend. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady under a bus.
An AGE goblin is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a beanstalk. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He must use his talent for writing code to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He usually wears a green shirt. He strongly dislikes his mother. He has to save the world from killer a spider.
A AGE manufacturer is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was ten. He looks like he needs a good night's sleep. He strongly dislikes anteaters. On Saturdays, he likes to catalogue his successes.
NAME is a magical man from the moon who can only fly by day. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is getting bitten by an alligator. He must use his talent for teaching to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his daughter when he was three. Physically, he is built like a brick. His top quality is that he is particularly geeky. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
NAME is an academic man from Western Europe who can only smile when he is upside down. He looks as though he has seen better days. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in escaping from bankruptcy.
NAME is a law-abiding man who finds it hard to do the right thing. People often compare him to a law-abiding forest. He always carries two phones. On Thursdays, he likes to go jogging.
NAME is an admired man from Western Europe who can only walk whilst balancing a rabbit on his head. He has beautiful, green eyes. He comes from a happy family. His purpose in life is to protect others.
NAME is a rich teenager who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has crazy, brown hair. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. On Wednesdays, he likes to look for somewhere better to live.
NAME is a wild man from Western Europe who can only smile when his pet mouse is in his pocket. He looks like he needs a good wash. He strongly dislikes his husband. His purpose in life is to become a senior receptionist.
NAME is an ambitious chef who finds it hard to get out of bed in the mornings. People often compare him to an ambitious meadow. His top quality is that he is particularly cute. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
NAME is a generous man from the moon who can only eat when the weather is blowy. He has eyes like gemstones. He always carries a wand. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his wife when he was ten. He has hair like snakes. He strongly dislikes rhinoceroses. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a cow.
NAME is a vulgar man from Indianapolis who can only read wearing a mask. He has eyes like the ocean. His top quality is that he is particularly adventurous. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE goblin is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was four. He looks young for his age. He always carries toothpaste. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
NAME is an attractive man from Philadelphia who can only be seen when facing north. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't fly. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a cow.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his colleague when he was eight. Physically, he is built like a cat. He strongly dislikes hippos. He must use his talent for flying to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a cute man from Dallas who can only walk the moon is in Pisces. People often compare him to a cute statue. He comes from a broken family. He must use his talent for public speaking to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his son when he was seven. He has crazy, orange hair. He comes from a troubled family. He is particularly interested in solving murders.
An extroverted teenager from Cambridge is obsessed with films. Physically, he is built like a truck. He always carries two phones. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
A AGE father is angry about his favourite TV show getting cancelled. He looks old for his age. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A AGE vampire is angry about politics. Physically, he is built like a stick. He comes from a happy family. On Sundays, he likes to try and save the world.
A conventional butcher from Canada is obsessed with envelopes. He always wears many layers of clothes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't drive. On Fridays, he likes to kill bad guys.
NAME is addicted to poetry. People often compare him to an individual mountain. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. On Sundays, he likes to cut his toenails.
A AGE teenager is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was nine. Physically, he is built like a space hopper. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning last summer.
A AGE lawyer is angry about xenophobia. He looks approachable. He comes from a heavily religious family. His purpose in life is to become a senior pop star.
A AGE shop assistant is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was eight. He always wears a white dress. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He must use his talent for glistening to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is addicted to skipping. He looks surprisingly calm. He comes from a strict family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his parentage.
A AGE man is angry about the recent jailing of his brother. He has hair like a troll's. He always carries a magic bean. He has to save the world from rising sea levels.
NAME is a careless man from Plymouth who can only be seen the moon is in Venus. He has beautiful, red eyes. He comes from a poor family. He must use his talent for cycling to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is a pessimistic man from Wales who can only be seen at night. He has lips like pink cushions. His biggest fear is losing his sight. He is striving to redeem himself after being in possession of an illegal poison.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left leg when he was eight. He has eyes like gemstones. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a spider. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a smart man from Bodmin who can only laugh whilst balancing a bird on his head. He has lips like happy caterpillars. His top quality is that he is particularly law-abiding. On Thursdays, he likes to protest injustice.
A AGE painter is traumatised by the loss of his right arm when he was four. He has crazy, blue hair. He comes from an unhappy family. On Thursdays, he likes to try and save the world.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his right pinky when he was five. He looks approachable. He strongly dislikes his sister. He is particularly interested in finding a missing child.
NAME is age. He strongly dislikes his friend. On Wednesdays, he likes to name small animals.
NAME is addicted to selfies. He looks like he needs a good wash. His biggest fear is losing his sight. His purpose in life is to prevent the apocalypse.
NAME is a fine man from Venus who can only fly by day. He always wears skimpy clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly hard-working. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is a homophobic man from Phonix who can only smile whilst balancing a canary on his head. He usually wears false eyebrows. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on national television.
A AGE manufacturer is angry about being kept away from his partner. He has beautiful, purple eyes. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't eat. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a giraffe.
A AGE lawyer is angry about the recent jailing of his brother. People often compare him to a shy hippo. His biggest fear is being killed by a spider. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE man is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was nine. Physically, he is built like a stick. His biggest fear is growing old alone. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is an interesting man from Washington who can only fly at night. He looks trustworthy. His biggest fear is being killed by a duck. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
NAME is age. His top quality is that he is particularly entertaining. On Tuesdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
A helpful teenager from Hull is obsessed with ghosts. He always wears body armour. His top quality is that he is particularly attractive. He is striving to redeem himself after saying a rude word on social media.
NAME is addicted to video games. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a heavily religious family. He must use his talent for dancing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A thoughtful manufacturer from Northern Europe is obsessed with dance music. He has hair like a bird's nest. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a lion. He has to save the world from global warming.
An assertive author from Australia is obsessed with light sabres. Physically, he is built like a house. His biggest fear is turning to the dark side. His purpose in life is to sample the finer things.
A brave monarch from outer space is obsessed with chocolate. He has a nose like a ski jump. He strongly dislikes his brother. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president in a blog post.
NAME is a strict man from Eastern Europe who can only read when he is upside down. People often compare him to a supermodel. He comes from a broken family. He is striving to redeem himself after committing multiple murders.
A AGE zombie is traumatised by the loss of his co-worker when he was eleven. Physically, he is built like a collection of sticks. His top quality is that he is particularly generous. On Sundays, he likes to go jogging.
A AGE shop assistant is angry about homophobia. He looks surprisingly calm. He always carries a tape measure. He must use his talent for writing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
An unstable builder from the moon is obsessed with rap music. People often compare him to an unstable tree. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. On Saturdays, he likes to find mysteries to solve.
NAME is an interesting politician who finds it hard to put himself in other people's shoes. He usually wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He has been wrongly accused of robbing a bank.
A AGE man is angry about clothes he has paid full price for turning up in the sale. He looks exhausted. He comes from a rich family. He has to save the world from global warming.
NAME is an honest musician who finds it hard to do the right thing. He has a nose like an aristocrat's. He strongly dislikes his fianc&eacute;. On Thursdays, he likes to go jogging.
An AGE physics student is traumatised by the loss of his right leg when he was one. He always wears false teeth. He always carries two phones. His purpose in life is to get home.
NAME is attached to a machine. He usually wears woolly clothes. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is striving to redeem himself after committing fraud.
NAME is addicted to social media. People often compare him to a polite horse. He comes from a troubled family. He must use his talent for running to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A AGE geography student is angry about racism. Physically, he is built like a flagpole. His top quality is that he is particularly colourful. On Mondays, he likes to name small animals.
A AGE geography student is traumatised by the loss of his left pinky when he was five. He looks young for his age. His top quality is that he is particularly naughty. He is particularly interested in making pasties out of vegetables.
A AGE man is angry about the recent jailing of his girlfriend. He has crazy, black hair. He always carries a wand. His purpose in life is to become a senior spy.
An AGE teacher is traumatised by the loss of his partner when he was seven. Physically, he is built like a cat. He comes from a broken family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning something buried under his shed.
A AGE teenager is angry about low-fat cheese. He always wears skimpy clothes. He strongly dislikes kangaroos. He must use his talent for playing video games to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
A grumpy computer science student from Chicago is obsessed with films. People often compare him to a supermodel. His biggest fear is getting bitten by a dinosaur. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing an old lady off a cliff.
NAME is an unlucky man from England who can only walk at night. People often compare him to a wild animal. He always carries a walking stick. He must use his talent for sewing to heal the people around him before he can work on his own problems.
NAME is an allusive man from Australia who can only laugh when his pet parrot is in his pocket. He has beautiful, white eyes. He comes from a working class family. He is striving to redeem himself after insulting the president on social media.
NAME is a lucky man from Wales who can only fly whilst balancing a rabbit on his head. People often compare him to a supermodel. He strongly dislikes aardvarks. He has to save the world from an asteroid.
A colourful father from Norway is obsessed with envelopes. He looks young for his age. His biggest fear is his friends discovering that he can't laugh. He is particularly interested in hosting dangerous guests.
NAME is a caring man from Western Europe who can only see at night. People often compare him to a caring clock. He comes from an unhappy family. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning a dog.
An assertive teenager from Netherlands is obsessed with envelopes. Physically, he is built like a house. He always carries a blue umbrella. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
NAME is addicted to pleasure. Physically, he is built like a cat. His top quality is that he is particularly creative. He has been wrongly accused of being in possession of an illegal potion.
NAME is a hard-working man from Dallas who can only walk when he is hungry. He always wears a PVC apron. He strongly dislikes his daughter. He has been wrongly accused of killing his husband.
A AGE father is traumatised by the loss of his left arm when he was eight. Physically, he is built like a house. He strongly dislikes his friend. He is striving to redeem himself after losing his temper on local radio.
An immature teenager from Denmark is obsessed with chocolate. He has lips like happy caterpillars. He comes from a troubled family. He is striving to redeem himself after pushing a fox off a cliff.
NAME is a scheming father who finds it hard to trust people. People often compare him to a scheming hippo. He always carries a magic bean. On Thursdays, he likes to kill bad guys.
An interesting psychology student from Plymouth is obsessed with light sabres. He has eyes like planets. His top quality is that he is particularly interesting. He is hiding a terrible secret concerning his hat collection.
A AGE teenager is angry about being kept away from his boyfriend. People often compare him to a supermodel. He always carries a magic bean. He is particularly interested in listening to comedy podcasts.
